economic impact
most trader
own account
dual trading
dual trading
average volume
sophisticated computer
dual trading
dual trading
dual trading
500-stock index
own account
top step
most customer
much difference
full proposal
last week
dual trading
Japanese firm
strict design
Japanese style
new building
second floor
existing building
main competitor
vice president
small loss
other way
good engineer
new technology
other company
vice president
crude device
fresh direction
vast quantity
huge bureaucracy
few ship
new bureaucracy
more division
new force
naval operation
good training
new ship
great success
nice person
new division
new air
huge chunk
active duty
naval operation
last year
new defense
next day
important carrier
other hand
new land
big defense
whole thing
average saving
chief executive
international buying
total cost
double duty
new office
first place
last spring
large thrift
risky investment
high-yield debt
other problem
last week
federal regulator
preferred stock
deep concern
most attention
new buyer
Australian businessman
last year
first shopping
average price
principal adviser
great part
European dealer
several month
final party
other word
new building
local newspaper
several piece
many expert
commercial side
executive director
similar sum
high price
former owner
last time
good deal
great return
last year
vice president
chief rival
substantial profit
few year
quick turnover
quick study
good picture
high price
previous price
similar work
current market
potential buyer
potential buyer
potential buyer
vice president
personal life
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
past century
American business
financial result
former board
same time
new board
former board
such abuse
special act
federal agency
initial meeting
first rule
foreign currency
open market
common share
many share
exclusive agent
previous sale
full membership
previous sale
Canadian dollar
military aircraft
total value
subordinated debenture
common stock
total equity
executive officer
vice president
net income
late earning
common share
disappointing earning
net income
good indication
low price
third quarter
slow period
executive officer
metric ton
year-earlier period
late quarter
new employee
composite trading
few broker
many brokerage
few money
corporate earning
whole group
narrow list
corporate profit
cheap today
long time
mutual fund
common view
economic growth
modest profit
high-quality stock
modern security
defensive position
leveraged buy-out
strong performer
recent year
risky investment
permanent impact
many investor
little buying
Many brokerage
good thing
big fall
Many investor
real estate
few month
steady earning
high debt
poor earning
leveraged buy-out
recent week
many chain
recent failure
other investor
major gain
third party
true today
vice president
low price
less debt
potential junk-bond
great management
many institution
troubled retailer
bad money
good money
retail paper
low price
retail chain
necessary capital
retail chain
executive officer
good track
good chance
retail chain
low today
last week
great equity
federal court
tiny company
federal law
legal fight
real estate
nonperforming loan
federal appeal
old contract
old contract
steep discount
second chance
last month
major element
more competition
complex regulation
total debt
excess cash
real estate
nonperforming loan
joint venture
preliminary agreement
senior lender
big portion
other thing
certain detail
definitive amendment
appropriate approval
chief executive
additional time
subordinated note
electronic research
first quarter
net income
last week
previous week
last week
last week
previous week
executive director
vice president
corporate finance
weekly report
educational information
related service
Italian city
Italian business
foreign currency
joint venture
Polish firm
Western company
foreign debt
joint venture
African nation
further talk
minimum wage
final offer
environmental conference
European country
extra edition
first run
direct mail
more copy
strong sale
top debt
European banker
so-called road
Mexican loan
30-year bond
fresh loan
long-term debt
top film
back taxis
former home
executive officer
common share
institutional investor
international expansion
third-quarter result
Korean car
domestic sale
overseas sale
Korean consumer
local market
domestic marketing
popular model
domestic maker
more factory
Korean auto
domestic sale
tremendous demand
more money
five-year loan
popular style
domestic market
last year
next year
Korean car
overseas sale
common man
large model
domestic market
monthly payment
joint venture
only auto
domestic sale
big problem
long series
Korean market
same time
similar project
Korean press
administrative officer
commercial bank
new position
vice chairman
chief credit
mutual fund
large fund
typical level
mutual fund
strong surge
late figure
Many fund
recent week
heavy exchange
first hour
normal pace
first hour
Many fund
mutual fund
nice feeling
high-yield junk
recent price
big junk
several week
past century
American business
bad publicity
seven-day model
last month
serious eye
soft type
retail sale
small company
small business
risky deal
big company
sharp decline
many investor
initial offering
new stock
new offering
senior executive
other company
low price
public offering
health-care concern
similar security
late yesterday
several year
second look
senior analyst
recent market
Many company
day-to-day basis
many company
next week
small business
vice president
small business
small company
small company
small company
strategic alliance
big corporation
such alliance
leveraged buy-out
giant takeover
small deal
small company
big stock
small business
high debt
real estate
wide loss
fourth quarter
substantial part
certain property
real estate
big bet
quick sale
high price
other debt
annual report
net loss
fourth quarter
net loss
previous year
certain investment
constant maturity
net income
unusual gain
third-quarter net
late quarter
last year
major product
automotive sale
high sale
year-earlier charge
late quarter
final end
domestic service
such place
comic manner
whole question
much debate
racial advantage
international conference
large sense
public word
critical attitude
same time
good service
full circle
related asset
industrial gas
industrial gas
electric utility
Soviet airline
current standard
international aircraft
Soviet airline
Soviet carrier
many venture
chief executive
Soviet airline
commercial opportunity
Soviet people
late 1970s
joint venture
last year
big supplier
Western carrier
hard currency
last year
joint venture
international flight
joint venture
reasonable price
new trade
Western air
industrial production
late figure
giant competitor
new technology
thin piece
executive officer
sophisticated process
major steelmaker
massive structure
vice president
major steelmaker
high technology
old plant
huge plant
new dollar
strong dollar
integrated steelmaker
such plant
complete plant
integrated market
new market
vice president
chief economist
such relationship
major client
key client
new market
large steelmaker
other steelmaker
overseas market
large steelmaker
overseas sale
major steelmaker
past year
such product
more plant
enormous rate
economic growth
further drop
European steelmaker
recent technology
more competition
high stake
corporate trial
federal court
large patent
high patent
few analyst
early 1980s
main issue
various feature
high price
high profit
low price
next year
third quarter
few quarter
main reason
annual revenue
poor result
near term
strong dollar
overseas revenue
unspecified amount
third quarter
second period
profitable growth
per-share earning
composite trading
first quarter
key part
third party
short-term revenue
vice president
economic deal
new version
basic technology
strong product
next year
much profit
much growth
fourth quarter
third quarter
historical level
last year
strong dollar
third-quarter earning
executive officer
new range
composite trading
third-quarter sale
last year
third quarter
third quarter
recent year
slow volume
new product
last year
third quarter
third quarter
domestic profit
third quarter
new product
next year
new product
major acquisition
next year
longtime friend
vice president
young oil
wholesale energy
common stock
quarterly dividend
other utility
new contract
vice president
many energy
future power
new energy
Canadian purchase
small firm
other investor
many option
professional trader
stock-index option
volatile nature
several time
individual stock
several time
many stock
high degree
specific amount
small fee
many case
most case
substantial loss
late round
huge loss
stock-index option
stock-index future
many option
different option
stock-index future
final time
good course
only member
financial exchange
potential market
unprecedented arrangement
vice chairman
professional floor
federal official
extraordinary situation
extraordinary step
specific contribution
own asset
public relation
such session
bad part
last year
long way
basic need
last month
last month
many mind
last year
vice president
such attitude
past year
huge chemical
same department
past security
large company
current trade
electronic equipment
other article
weekly visit
powerful point
next woman
only way
international bank
several week
many business
tough attitude
commercial lending
international lender
economic trouble
foreign debt
Many loan
Many banker
small concern
heavy debt
legal fee
most loan
original borrowing
financial datum
certain fee
technical violation
political turmoil
European bank
monetary loss
core discount
such competitor
net income
consecutive quarter
first half
fiscal year
general merchandise
wholesale price
small business
annual membership
last year
joint venture
annual sale
several year
net income
next year
fundamental question
retail business
big food
general merchandise
composite trading
over-the-counter trading
short-term borrowing
present management
executive officer
vice president
several industry
general partner
early volume
first hour
individual stock
over-the-counter trading
major brokerage
active stock
senior official
industrial average
vice president
true price
industrial average
German bank
high price
other datum
second time
industrial average
few point
recent software
vice president
current position
strategic officer
legal proceeding
monetary damage
several defendant
last month
overall settlement
last minute
stock-index future
financial market
stock-index future
first time
several trader
normal condition
early yesterday
initial downturn
first time
liquid market
Many institution
individual investor
stock-index future
many future
large position
several trader
several index
full point
large security
large buyer
large seller
stock-index future
last week
individual trader
federal investigation
high-yield junk
vast majority
potential buyer
most issue
active day
little bit
early sell-off
big gain
early yesterday
large group
much difficulty
high-yield market
early year
big issue
vice president
future liquidity
vice chairman
bad time
big problem
strong economy
Many issue
early yesterday
past month
mutual fund
major seller
high-yield security
good credit
good shape
own stock
190-point drop
economic trend
hot stock
vice president
long-term bond
less risk
diversified portfolio
500-stock index
10-year period
other asset
real estate
international security
most investment
near future
financial planner
long-term investment
high-quality bond
strong case
short-term development
average investor
individual investor
high transaction
mutual fund
first investment
local taxis
individual trader
new investment
most individual
mutual fund
individual investor
good way
mutual fund
individual stock
enough attention
big investor
special situation
vice president
small investor
institutional interest
small growth
few year
small growth
late investment
good buying
chief equity
long run
most investor
regular amount
more share
few share
hard thing
annual return
actual performance
public offering
common stock
public offering
common share
initial offering
common share
initial offering
common share
other bank
low price
low bid
recent change
more share
low price
300-a-share bid
190-point drop
composite trading
intraday high
last week
potential takeover
little bit
wide range
possible response
leveraged buy-out
friendly buyer
financial market
federal clearance
last week
average price
modest loss
large airline
defensive transaction
friendly holder
extra step
low bid
lead lender
other bank
low price
other bank
low interest
high bank
many trader
second time
new price
last month
first test
top pilot
tough task
last week
other alternative
low bid
high offer
other bidder
other bidder
little bit
much flexibility
different program
tough talk
federal spending
capital-gains taxis
new aid
separate bill
other issue
deficit-reduction bill
capital-gains taxis
congressional leader
significant effect
fiscal year
other agency
permanent yesterday
special provision
federal spending
federal employee
little bit
American people
automatic cut
individual program
many program
new approach
major spending
significant control
individual program
capital-gains taxis
legal adviser
federal official
minor player
federal court
federal office
federal office
top position
financial adviser
financial consultant
net worth
extensive role
top union
major victory
broad reform
top official
organized crime
top union
first progress
financial support
several complaint
general counsel
new trial
federal court
last month
special task
last year
such lawsuit
federal judge
same approach
general counsel
corporate law
international law
general counsel
initial report
big sale
net income
first quarter
year-earlier quarter
high price
high volume
large number
other source
overall tax
charitable donation
current group
international organization
potential loss
main source
executive director
enough people
little bidding
weak dollar
foreign bidder
many way
Japanese corporation
private dealing
many buyer
social status
strong surge
French dealer
top quality
electronic equipment
annual sale
close eye
back office
other brokerage
enough capital
few hour
first statement
recent market
last week
significant improvement
back office
fresh memory
back office
major market
sure broker
many market
magnetic tape
original equipment
annual sale
vice president
corporate affair
next year
corporate advertising
double bill
exclusive right
last year
special circumstance
good feature
long-term contract
favorite feature
small newspaper
only reason
fat fee
unusual ownership
several year
main reason
joint venture
annual meeting
last week
few week
antitrust charge
few month
new type
future development
immediate increase
new strategy
new contract
special payment
many barrier
antitrust law
small company
federal effort
controversial provision
excessive rate
gross waste
domestic auto
few car
fourth quarter
intense pressure
year-earlier level
only transplant
overall decline
equal drop
vice president
automotive consulting
third-quarter sale
fourth-quarter sale
immediate impact
minimal impact
fourth quarter
few plant
next generation
low output
first time
first vehicle
foreign auto
new man
new magazine
early yesterday
several investment
single day
30-year bond
early yesterday
financial system
Many investment
major market
big gain
30-year issue
late yesterday
German mark
high loan
financial audit
significant loss
fiscal year
current mortgage
wrong direction
high loan
financial burden
fundamental datum
several hour
direct government
private mortgage
private mortgage
more money
American worker
great idea
federal government
federal deposit
good idea
financial industry
apparent problem
significant reform
high-risk venture
several dealer
German mark
British pound
early trading
late trading
foreign-exchange operation
few day
quarterly earning
economic strength
previous month
thin market
last week
many trader
major trading
low level
bad day
high point
central bank
vice president
central bank
institutional investor
long time
American share
fundamental basis
next year
total output
little risk
Swiss money
good opportunity
French market
current delivery
moderate trading
estimated volume
early trading
leveraged buy-out
major bank
most industry
leveraged buy-out
same kind
financial aspect
mixed signal
leveraged buy-out
foreign ownership
last month
foreign airline
leveraged buy-out
clear picture
regulatory scandal
clear standard
unfair treatment
leveraged buy-out
economic issue
leveraged buy-out
foreign investment
foreign ownership
foreign company
actual control
other thing
international trade
American citizen
future buy-out
foreign investment
foreign ownership
other department
foreign carrier
other country
American carrier
leveraged airline
right amount
top official
financial information
recent buy-out
final dispute
leveraged buy-out
much authority
several member
enough authority
leveraged buy-out
last week
strategic plan
old plant
last week
single plant
last decade
new plant
old plant
steep decline
strategic plan
late evidence
new model
new line
slow sale
original plan
third-quarter profit
strong demand
forest-products business
net income
strong demand
other building
large measure
final settlement
first quarter
healthy demand
third-quarter net
fourth-quarter performance
positive factor
nervous market
over-the-counter stock
heavy buying
busy day
Many observer
last hour
normal volume
total volume
low price
big stock
financial issue
favorable takeover
leveraged buy-out
definitive agreement
big percentage
joint venture
Soviet leader
many problem
great responsibility
such meeting
other group
several day
great freedom
Soviet leader
civil war
other thing
most member
Soviet leader
front page
Soviet leader
many speech
Soviet leader
near future
sharp look
new legislation
new restriction
local authority
short supply
serious topic
Korean life
last year
strong bond
American assistance
good life
Korean farmer
other product
new position
administrative officer
executive officer
executive officer
vice president
big airline
big paper
composite trading
big position
bad news
composite trading
other stock
Many takeover
sharp decline
financial difficulty
takeover-stock trader
huge profit
last year
current loss
big stock
big position
safe deal
major bank
necessary loan
several trader
heavy trading
institutional investor
favorite stock
composite trading
bad price
most takeover
potential takeover
more stock
conservative strategy
additional amount
sharp price
more cash
large position
significant progress
special interest
congressional reform
major reform
public pressure
special interest
major corporation
professional communication
scientific study
possible segment
many time
such firm
own work
American child
thin air
other industry
bad information
agricultural chemical
influential member
potential obstacle
federal budget
such agency
complex financing
new law
low interest
bad asset
total spending
executive director
other thrift
bad asset
new law
total obligation
other debt
public debt
big brokerage
new ad
individual investor
major brokerage
new television
last night
new ad
new ad
new TV
other brokerage
new ad
last time
several month
free fall
full page
many client
usual volume
past week
last night
specific stock
bad thing
true value
new ad
vice president
new ad
major investment
former chairman
chief executive
chief executive
corporate advertiser
gross revenue
last year
good swing
other side
early struggle
good name
only thing
other seat
first career
last season
second game
hot side
cold guy
last set
other side
good time
net income
intense competition
gross profit
net income
per-share profit
average share
negative effect
fourth-quarter performance
good gain
late quarter
good part
large order
major customer
computerized cash
financial sector
strong dollar
current quarter
fourth quarter
full-year estimate
last year
net income
composite trading
much money
professional concern
good sense
possible opportunity
small hour
financial district
early trading
mixed signal
thin volume
financial district
blue figure
big position
non-U.S. stock
tight book
many buyer
third time
blue figure
few point
little stock
other dealer
good price
serious buyer
British stock
late market
chief trader
few minute
bad thing
negative way
good thing
leveraged buy-out
quick action
next week
present form
own deal
other letter
other committee
particular market
fast track
costly safety
leveraged buy-out
30-day review
sufficient information
substantial reduction
foreign interest
more information
several committee
major concern
large airline
small entity
long meeting
first step
three-year contract
average pay
long strike
third week
many employee
hostile suitor
common stock
preliminary material
new plan
composite trading
several month
real estate
executive officer
European investor
further reason
European market
early trading
technical reaction
recent week
major market
sharp decline
financial center
strong economy
blue chip
new index
small investor
wrong direction
blue chip
heavy volume
enough price
institutional investor
institutional investor
private investor
senior trader
big institution
late yesterday
most investor
blue chip
big hit
major right
last month
little incentive
early rally
big institution
low price
recent level
late buying
free fall
small investor
large institution
third quarter
net income
net loss
last month
less-developed country
long-term portfolio
less-developed country
late quarter
year-earlier quarter
composite trading
net interest
short-term fund
Brazilian loan
net interest
such loan
third period
other fee
net income
strong performance
late quarter
strong performance
large increase
third quarter
nonperforming asset
net loan
second quarter
third quarter
recent quarter
fourth quarter
strong loan
aggressive marketing
high rate
net interest
composite trading
bottom line
third quarter
third-quarter result
new capital
failed thrift
regional franchise
last week
net income
third quarter
net income
residential real-estate
net interest
real estate
net interest
major bank
sluggish earning
composite trading
net credit
year-ago period
nonperforming loan
loan-loss provision
unusual gain
new offer
per-share price
third party
private market
private market
private market
over-the-counter trading
institutional investor
financial information
composite trading
various affiliate
other issue
free trade
Canadian government
Canadian trade
Canadian export
Canadian government
Canadian government
international panel
next season
Canadian restriction
such contract
precious hour
subordinated debenture
preferred stock
additional warrant
common stock
common stock
future sale
private buyer
common stock
preferred stock
common stock
chief economist
weak currency
global economy
common share
convertible debenture
new debt
common stock
subordinated note
common share
common share
new note
convertible debt
certain amount
common share
old debt
sufficient cash
net income
special gain
total revenue
weak revenue
own account
few equity
high share
strong sale
mutual fund
discontinued operation
first quarter
year-earlier quarter
gross revenue
own account
retail market
composite trading
net income
third quarter
retail profit
third-quarter result
pretax gain
net interest
composite trading
definitive agreement
individual investor
large bank
unusual demand
such difficulty
good news
big bank
financial market
specific circuit
new price
many security
own rule
additional liquidity
intense telephone
daily limit
different circuit
maximum liquidity
volatile execution
joint condition
new circuit
regulatory agency
many way
financial market
large capital
chief economist
vice president
tough pressure
big consulting
Many employer
federal judge
good year
good retirement
new doctor
annual income
high priority
next year
temporary worker
good education
such employee
full time
more company
many real-estate
catastrophic loss
full purchase
outside firm
huge recovery
other exchange
so-called circuit
free fall
great help
natural circuit
new marketing
second quarter
more competition
more customer
more pressure
individual piece
new management
new medium
other city
new ad
net income
soft approach
major city
such spot
such spot
similar radio
possible loss
safe list
vice president
such problem
good alternative
third year
third place
second time
deputy director
several task
vice president
federal resource
more government
active member
such initiative
fair share
other program
similar hit
current housing
public program
national housing
federal government
internal pressure
current level
particular market
federal funding
other part
other form
major expense
federal government
fiscal year
federal government
full measure
federal government
local government
regulatory barrier
legislative program
other business
same time
major issue
fiscal responsibility
more money
more money
local housing
single currency
formal talk
second half
strong opposition
less cash
American bank
large increase
capital-gains tax
favorable review
serious study
sudden concern
small investor
heavy loss
further hit
high-yield debt
so-called junk
several week
financial difficulty
entire market
high-yield security
recent effort
planned junk-bond
mutual fund
many firm
preliminary step
basic market
corporate debt
private market
private market
appropriate incentive
corporate behavior
economic interest
private interest
ultimate judge
leveraged restructuring
recent difficulty
recent deal
free market
private market
broad exchange
prospective target
effective relief
private investor
average citizen
actual legislation
such attempt
good debt
bad debt
particular industry
proper amount
top economist
selected stock
overnight rally
much direction
other market
other market
sharp loss
major market
other market
institutional investor
Japanese investment
European equity
much today
Japanese regulator
considerable speculation
small stock
second section
big decline
second section
Many investor
major index
small issue
recent week
Japanese investor
global stock
big fall
heavy volume
broad market
institutional investor
general manager
excessive merger
good time
cold water
major stock
much impact
other fund
foreign equity
chief portfolio
overseas investment
big loss
composite index
major index
small loss
local factor
corporate buy-out
leveraged buy-out
good shape
several analyst
big loss
rapid cash
open market
foreign investor
political turmoil
regional analyst
composite index
bad news
big drop
Australian stock
100-share index
intraday high
30-share index
heavy trading
steep fall
retail investor
blue-chip share
small investor
German market
major stock
last week
local currency
significant place
environmental group
new state
environmental officer
other word
single state
global problem
new environment
first place
environmental group
hot issue
Republican candidate
own crime
new proposal
environmental officer
such group
much money
certain segment
other segment
significant cost
high food
blue-chip stock
blue chip
huge buying
over-the-counter market
small stock
important indicator
strange feeling
blue-chip stock
many trader
more stock
major brokerage
steep loss
stock-index arbitrage
big basket
stock-index future
500-stock index
sharp discount
big program
cheap value
big investment
major money
first thing
positive territory
high price
major option
stock-index option
Many market
huge loss
big rally
technical level
stock-index future
volatile trading
blue-chip stock
many stock
subsequent trading
important stock
good performance
precious metal
weak sector
active issue
major issue
first time
hot stock
other exchange
computer-driven strategy
recent month
average day
retail equity
institutional investor
heavy buyer
big technology
other investor
first round
common stock
legal battle
federal appeal
domestic airline
small percentage
domestic air
major expansion
long flight
powerful tobacco
public pressure
recent year
last night
domestic flight
subsequent discussion
long route
aggressive support
political debt
total ban
public interest
final bill
last year
total operation
urban lawmaker
major carrier
first phase
total dollar
excessive case
fiscal year
first quarter
year-earlier loss
top executive
exclusive agreement
last week
net income
late quarter
net loss
year-earlier period
common share
other member
friendly transaction
common share
enough aid
own version
last month
democratic procedure
American people
pretax loss
interim loss
year-earlier period
extraordinary item
total group
interim dividend
new management
comprehensive labor
long-term prospect
wild day
further drop
other type
several investment
federal fund
federal fund
overnight loan
last week
early signal
last week
30-year bond
late yesterday
corporate bond
mortgage-backed security
municipal bond
small gain
volatile trading
high-yield market
institutional buying
high-yield issue
overnight trading
30-year bond
Japanese trading
Japanese stock
Japanese trading
strong yesterday
economic datum
industrial production
industrial production
favorable number
10-year maturity
first bond
federal agency
troubled thrift
public debt
tough week
active trading
10-year note
short-term interest
average discount
average discount
six-month bill
high bidding
low bidding
corporate issue
corporate bond
new issue
major currency
active issue
late yesterday
late yesterday
average life
10-year note
busy dealing
last week
real estate
new deal
heavy sale
mortgage-backed issue
low rate
new-issue activity
derivative market
municipal bond
late dealing
municipal dollar
free fall
brief spot
further stock
municipal trading
retail investor
serial bond
strategic alternative
possible buyer
medical cost
significant challenge
possible buyer
additional share
last couple
great deal
British takeover
industrial holding
Japanese maker
video game
electronic information
pretax profit
fiscal year
net income
specific product
advanced computer
foreign market
fiscal year
core business
vice president
right price
annual revenue
major supplier
industrial equipment
electrical equipment
net loss
third quarter
year-earlier quarter
net income
net loss
net income
nine-month period
over-the-counter trading
third-quarter net
executive officer
institutional investor
other material
third quarter
third-quarter estimate
third-quarter result
continued improvement
next year
certain facility
third party
definitive agreement
antitrust issue
York-based company
secured financing
several time
certain condition
executive officer
limited partnership
fourth quarter
year-ago quarter
natural gas
net income
related move
net proceed
lead underwriter
preferred stock
last night
general partner
composite trading
old film
general manager
last year
commercial application
new one
low light
new line
long time
overall market
such feature
commercial film
last year
late ad
good ad
strong statement
other company
last year
most consumer
big obstacle
high school
other company
related product
last month
retail price
executive officer
more newspaper
late issue
classic spirit
third-quarter profit
effective tax
high interest
other paper
Western state
composite trading
Swiss oil
other offer
last week
more offer
other company
new fear
overall business
late month
monthly gain
new recession
private economist
general course
recent strength
economic growth
next year
national product
great period
different pattern
major source
recent strength
monthly average
other component
good indicator
common stock
other component
international development
domestic economy
foreign capital
economic outlook
French food
French group
few month
French group
Italian market
subordinated debt
preferred stock
subordinated debt
long-term deposit
preferred stock
preferred stock
early trading
recent change
low bid
leveraged buy-out
third quarter
strong dollar
few quarter
fourth quarter
federal agency
new bill
possible obstacle
natural gas
federal appeal
federal court
regulatory approval
private suit
third quarter
year-ago gain
third quarter
big addition
loan-loss reserve
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
adjustable rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
personal computer
single computer
future product
current product
substantial sale
positive contribution
fiscal year
independent oil
Dutch company
last year
possible suitor
recent week
net income
first half
definitive agreement
fourth quarter
net loss
net income
year-earlier quarter
real estate
previous board
first quarter
composite trading
British food
European group
new group
combined group
annual sale
new structure
planned growth
deputy chairman
chief executive
last month
entire restaurant
Western medium
last year
criminal charge
fellow defendant
individual market
own factor
financial crisis
major supply
crude oil
early gain
net loss
small decline
financial crisis
precious metal
early gain
industrial metal
weak economy
precious metal
further gain
technical factor
good chance
strong dollar
190-point stock
crude oil
several day
significant gain
most market
fourth quarter
bearish indicator
partial recovery
major labor
three-month strike
Canadian producer
principal supplier
last week
major hurdle
minor point
last week
technical consideration
potential effect
cold weather
early trading
severe drop
low price
daily limit
new low
broad rally
third quarter
chief executive
little bit
third-quarter earning
third quarter
net income
composite trading
additional share
common share
natural gas
financial service
third-quarter earning
year-ago quarter
executive officer
savings-and-loan holding
high number
new mortgage
new loan
same period
last year
steady increase
first time
year-ago figure
important step
new oil
independent oil
new field
other interest
net income
fiscal year
last year
third quarter
last year
executive officer
effective tax
definitive merger
composite trading
Canadian dollar
other thing
good bid
common stock
original announcement
additional share
open market
private transaction
composite trading
exclusive broker
fiscal year
recent period
regional contract
local agreement
tentative agreement
regional telephone
three-year contract
regional phone
last week
190-point plunge
top stock
big company
huge volume
blue-chip stock
major market
blue chip
major index
lackluster trading
Asian market
computerized trading
few hour
major money
other factor
major bank
foreign stock
huge selling
modest amount
overnight trading
most market
major institution
blue chip
current market
blue-chip stock
major investor
few order
American security
blue-chip stock
blue-chip stock
industrial average
sharp trader
first thing
blue-chip stock
heavy buyer
Dutch investor
other issue
high price
technical strength
large stock
major option
stock-index option
Many market
huge loss
many market
real estate
many people
few day
definitive merger
over-the-counter trading
future growth
high offer
net income
net loss
large protest
communist state
democratic freedom
German newspaper
communist official
foreign policy
legitimate right
German people
recent article
domestic airline
small percentage
current ban
federal appeal
federal financing
anti-abortion group
such research
such tissue
African nation
first trip
real sign
tentative agreement
such family
Korean government
political activity
white opposition
automatic wage
special provision
difficult situation
new round
civil war
economic change
Nicaraguan rebel
organized effort
last week
retail sale
retail sale
big unit
other approval
main division
other asset
similar pattern
chief executive
independent company
fiscal year
composite trading
good will
planned step
few month
pretax earning
good will
American image
foreign stock
chief executive
British government
American accounting
British company
British rule
good will
good will
good will
fair market
many share
British version
net worth
good will
American version
net worth
good will
good will
sizable chunk
prior management
good will
difficult time
temporary help
temporary worker
pretax profit
slow earning
pretax profit
global market
late acquisition
executive figure
chief executive
tough challenge
last year
ambitious goal
per-share price
strong earning
last week
over-the-counter trading
fresh target
financial officer
controlling family
corporate culture
new unit
large competitor
right direction
executive officer
first objective
recent year
fiscal year
federal court
antitrust lawsuit
private party
high court
antitrust law
federal court
federal agency
antitrust law
affected party
Federal appeal
federal court
antitrust lawsuit
high court
temporary order
separate business
hostile offer
American store
high price
federal court
federal judge
preliminary injunction
federal appeal
same effect
federal court
antitrust lawsuit
separate operation
high court
other action
high court
federal court
broad flexibility
medical patient
constitutional right
same argument
last week
federal court
easy standard
constitutional right
medical treatment
due process
constitutional right
unprecedented number
small community
long day
ultimate company
few business
Chinese factory
American mayor
Chinese factory
socialist economy
such enterprise
last year
total state
residential area
huge sign
soft drink
concrete floor
late news
top leader
national effort
female employee
financial penalty
local merchant
few worker
concrete floor
most worker
few prospect
second grade
quiet neighborhood
social life
many hour
single factory
social circle
young worker
big hit
high school
senior engineer
general manager
good ticket
good job
official newspaper
political study
pro-democracy movement
political study
American people
Chinese government
last year
medical care
next generation
future worker
big bank
big holder
possible bidder
potential interest
pretax profit
last year
potential target
single market
financial service
pretax profit
general manager
financial market
key interest
federal fund
last week
financial market
massive amount
financial institution
financial market
more money
financial system
brief comment
recent comment
foreign exchange
last week
central bank
financial market
foreign official
detailed level
clear change
other interest
financial market
various government
fundamental reason
steep market
short-term interest
foreign exchange
massive dollar
last week
modern market
derivative product
institutional investor
institutional investor
next week
political control
political pressure
low interest
easy money
economic legislation
economic policy
much chance
central bank
other producer
sharp rise
monetary policy
easy money
powerful producer
weak dollar
competitive gain
congressional pressure
good result
easy money
short-term interest
enough inflation
economic growth
dangerous level
long time
such thing
great benefit
classic example
political interest
soft currency
economic growth
economic growth
brief recession
sound money
international market
corporate executive
own company
such policy
long term
weak production
foreign exchange
political pressure
last spring
Australian financier
regulatory approval
composite trading
legal battle
rich gold
average cost
fiscal year
last year
average cost
enough cash
much speculation
other thing
black letter
true position
public filing
composite trading
selected stock
nervous investor
large capital
steep decline
steep recovery
same time
further decline
Japanese equity
bad loss
enough money
main factor
sharp fall
other market
French market
European analyst
blue-chip stock
executive officer
institutional investor
general manager
Japanese newspaper
domestic concern
financial authority
large brokerage
institutional investor
Japanese market
Japanese investor
close attention
foreign exchange
less chance
additional increase
great inflation
monetary policy
many market
many look
quick recovery
several week
fundamental concern
wild speculation
recent week
Japanese institution
good time
Japanese fund
huge cash
chief analyst
foreign stock
Japanese broker
positive aspect
Asian market
severe drop
Japanese stock
steep fall
small market
sharp decline
political turmoil
international fund
nervous eye
central bank
public statement
same degree
leveraged situation
heavy uncertainty
British economy
high level
Many economist
economic growth
100-share index
impending stock
low interest
sharp rally
big drop
leveraged buy-out
major stock
vice president
long term
fair price
black letter
recent week
disappointing earning
composite trading
recent month
other company
definitive agreement
large takeover
American company
Mexican concern
composite trading
long battle
special committee
other party
other bid
indirect subsidiary
previous announcement
separate transaction
same time
executive officer
strategic opportunity
other thing
professional money
overseas currency
little guy
mutual fund
small investor
economic condition
different matter
many reason
obvious difference
per-share earning
Many trader
foreign stock
European market
early trading
free fall
late yesterday
new bid
more trader
other takeover
stock-index future
mutual-fund company
late yesterday
big fund
low interest
takeover-stock trader
other airline
500-stock index
Many investor
individual stock
free fall
central bank
other stock
more cash
such trader
so-called deal
more seller
entire portfolio
blue-chip stock
large price
chief investment
190-point decline
Many market
computerized trading
professional investor
big seller
prominent player
heavy seller
heavy seller
other stock
big firm
stock-index future
individual investor
instant access
same information
few week
small investor
large investor
powerful computer
minor market
few hour
late market
big drop
leveraged takeover
capital-gains tax
long-term government
average ratio
other hand
enormous rise
corporate earning
last week
next year
many stock
junk-bond market
leveraged buy-out
entire market
leveraged deal
entire market
Many stock
least part
big premium
speculative period
leveraged buy-out
junk-bond market
takeover-stock investor
speculative deal
internal structure
early selling
overseas market
individual investor
mutual fund
big cash
total cash
financial system
massive amount
financial crisis
current position
former president
executive officer
whole thing
big bank
leveraged transaction
financial market
leveraged buy-out
particular deal
potential profit
financial officer
own fund
comparable takeover
future income
big takeover
long history
commercial lending
original financing
300-a-share offer
new deal
free fall
corporate finance
other bank
huge conference
European bank
Japanese lender
few month
Japanese bank
several aspect
senior executive
big bank
cyclical industry
Japanese lender
leveraged transaction
leveraged purchase
last year
Japanese bank
monetary official
third problem
Japanese bank
last week
Japanese bank
significant wage
next month
Japanese bank
only one
longtime client
other thing
top lending
high degree
top officer
near future
few year
domestic travel
less cash
new bid
more profit
less cash
lead bank
combined fee
other banker
recent buy-out
safe deal
healthy cash
high risk
same week
300-a-share buy-out
several thing
other buy-out
large amount
other buyer
subordinated debt
potential loss
senior loan
leveraged deal
other source
subordinated debt
entire sentiment
vice president
major trading
Many analyst
low interest
international investor
German mark
British pound
good place
central bank
key role
major concern
foreign policy
domestic price
four-year effort
major trading
weak dollar
American consumer
current stock
American economy
financial system
own currency
American security
American share
retail sale
most analyst
intraday high
few hour
corporate dealer
vice president
foreign-exchange operation
intraday high
upper limit
most trader
industrial country
international economist
central bank
past week
European country
domestic interest
foreign equity
central bank
Many dealer
monetary policy
financial system
vice president
big hit
difficult situation
other trader
overseas market
American share
foreign market
long dollar
further evidence
foreign selling
same time
international portfolio
three-month mark
Many dealer
technical level
many trader
strong dollar
vice president
similar basket
industrial country
real estate
many analyst
previous month
near term
current delivery
estimated volume
early trading
related security
small difference
stock-index market
high-risk debt
leveraged buy-out
small group
standard set
specified price
limited period
specified price
limited period
future delivery
stock-index future
next month
high price
more money
low price
blue-chip stock
Stock-index future
stock-index option
few minute
stock-index option
stock-index future
many trader
low price
last night
sole owner
substantial cash
numerous call
other trading
financial difficulty
presidential commission
stock-index future
wide discount
actual index
cheap future
new order
other event
500-stock index
daily limit
previous day
main effect
initial trading
stock-index option
short time
other market
most day
own market
previous day
late rally
stock-index future
daily limit
daily limit
previous day
several time
added cash
financial risk
other market
stock-index future
most part
several exchange
different cash
financial position
several study
different market
federal deposit
large thrift
insured thrift
outside counsel
federal regulator
large contribution
key regulation
regulatory process
other regulator
mere campaign
top aide
former employee
Democratic party
political committee
possible violation
federal election
savings-and-loan disaster
political scandal
civil suit
last month
personal stock
only body
federal regulator
last year
outside counsel
federal regulator
such action
final hour
first test
last resort
big investment
big block
heavy selling
500-stock index
vice president
central bank
Many money
large bet
top floor
several trader
leveraged takeover
blue-chip stock
certain level
computer-guided program
institutional investor
other hand
stock-index future
overall stock
many trader
big swing
stock-index arbitrage
big basket
program-trading firm
hot line
other exchange
brief time
small investor
small investor
particular decline
big brokerage
significant difference
current environment
attractive investment
average ground
professional trader
Stock-index future
low price
renewed debate
close look
big investment
big block
other obligation
private investor
secured liability
executive officer
chief executive
commercial real-estate
senior executive
more money
current situation
chief executive
commercial real-estate
other shopping
commercial development
chief executive
new management
long-term outlook
metric ton
federal agency
new cash
small investor
mutual fund
big fund
strong defense
many fund
large fund
total cash
many investor
steep market
large stock
late figure
strong level
major reason
recent month
net purchase
Many fund
further today
blue chip
mutual-fund group
most investor
other information
money-market fund
most investor
vice president
other group
more phone
unusual move
several fund
long-term investor
several fund
early selling
fat profit
technical factor
recent high
nervous shareholder
scientific instrument
recent month
current quarter
net income
new service
vice president
other airline
daily flight
new service
huge manufacturer
other part
added pressure
small airline
hard time
other airline
American airline
next year
constant communication
new order
short term
long term
composite trading
last week
striking worker
three-year contract
industrial firm
recent history
many hour
separate development
long range
electric power
Canadian dollar
vice president
electric power
British government
limited competition
electrical generation
private-sector supplier
modest equity
long suit
British project
British power
massive water
electric utility
giant water
electric utility
next month
electric utility
next year
public offering
natural gas
electric utility
vice president
corporate strategy
corporate planning
natural gas
third earning
year-ago quarter
net income
cubic foot
composite trading
limited partnership
residential development
joint venture
institutional client
real estate
institutional investor
joint venture
other approval
such approval
retail price
sizable saving
executive officer
few company
adequate capital
raw state
administrative approval
joint venture
conservative manner
joint venture
aggressive approach
raw land
negative impact
own balance
joint venture
good way
minimum risk
executive officer
annual profit
third quarter
year-earlier profit
composite trading
new time
so-called commodity
modern life
profitable period
financial decline
last year
chief executive
new direction
other item
large share
several oil
broad business
annual profit
recent month
other commodity
last spring
own plant
many account
huge order
other buyer
new product
few cent
several week
same time
annual payment
long-term debt
special dividend
huge profit
quarterly dividend
intense speculation
standard line
sudden change
prolonged production
financial future
former career
limited production
last week
full operation
raw material
large business
past right
York-based food
leveraged buy-out
main advertising
low cost
last year
previous management
more buyer
last month
large share
industrialized country
significant cut
minor increase
big share
five-year steel
recent year
foreign supplier
other country
formal steel
recent year
informal agreement
international steel
first country
small increase
recent year
large steel
European demand
recent talk
domestic steel
foreign supplier
next year
foreign steel
own steel
new product
second half
net income
second quarter
executive officer
recent quarter
low result
12-month decline
primary business
next year
other area
next year
municipal building
net earning
automatic call
further use
automatic call
new line
net earning
retail price
common stock
common stock
next month
local competitor
Japanese rival
Japanese market
last month
Japanese market
true test
big hit
many people
early 1980s
many brand
easy time
last year
last week
long-term view
first trip
chief trade
different tone
last month
concrete result
next spring
Japanese business
free trade
such result
definitive action
down payment
small step
American people
Japanese people
Japanese official
several theory
free trade
American official
Japanese official
local press
first time
free trade
open competition
Japanese sense
Japanese market
net loss
fourth quarter
new financing
net income
fourth-quarter result
net income
federal court
traditional sale
certain customer
alleged failure
federal court
core business
small subsidiary
major oil
few day
third quarter
year-earlier performance
fourth quarter
weak chemical
third-quarter earning
many analyst
major commodity
vast amount
many oil
big reason
weak dollar
economic growth
Third-quarter profit
third quarter
last year
excess supply
crude oil
many industry
fourth quarter
second half
many company
crude oil
surprising element
third quarter
most company
fourth quarter
high oil
high production
last year
fourth quarter
natural gas
third quarter
main reason
last summer
natural gas
electrical demand
other hand
natural gas
fourth quarter
fourth quarter
natural gas
natural gas
cubic foot
cubic foot
Soviet bloc
valuable technology
European member
Italian government
Soviet union
computer-driven device
Italian government
quick investigation
Italian leader
last week
Italian authority
open question
last summer
strategic good
personal computer
Soviet program
Western technology
British subsidiary
similar offer
late offer
three-year warrant
own share
third party
sufficient share
entire position
foreign investor
blue-chip stock
international appeal
former stock
high-risk junk
federal court
punitive damage
financial condition
different transaction
combined company
Swiss concern
first offer
other shareholder
combined company
combined company
current operation
combined company
definitive agreement
next year
many farmer
substantial buying
few month
next season
low level
early 1970s
domestic supply
last month
next year
federal support
new plan
next year
next year
full effect
second half
next year
limited stock
tight supply
next spring
Italian conglomerate
large portion
clear indication
many analyst
sizable order
few month
Soviet demand
vice president
other commodity
low range
last season
large quantity
strong dollar
other crop
downward pressure
crude oil
last week
crude oil
European market
vice president
little news
bearish development
Many trader
near-term supply
junk-bond market
British advertising
last week
executive officer
intense takeover
last week
large shareholder
third party
possible restructuring
executive officer
hostile bid
high offer
current board
other head
executive officer
chief executive
chief executive
pharmaceutical research
financial manager
financial state
major client
new account
senior executive
former employee
federal court
joint venture
new agency
large agency
Korean agency
strong sale
second quarter
net income
year-earlier net
certain line
positive effect
future earning
discontinued product
major source
personal computer
first half
advanced technology
vice president
financial officer
financial statement
related information
real estate
financial statement
financial report
financial result
last month
corporate strategy
vice president
financial officer
vice president
unspecified damage
preliminary injunction
possible appeal
other defense
preliminary injunction
third-quarter result
retail ad
retail industry
Many paper
recent year
retail ad
fourth quarter
retail chain
net income
total ad
total advertising
soft demand
national ad
executive officer
last year
net income
year-earlier period
year-earlier period
one-time gain
financial advertising
third quarter
third quarter
net loss
third quarter
executive officer
Third-quarter profit
several company
several price
metric ton
daily newspaper
weak ad
third quarter
soft advertising
low earning
third quarter
weak advertising
daily newspaper
little sign
retail market
flat magazine
continued uncertainty
third quarter
positive advertising
daily newspaper
tough couple
last week
intense pressure
giant auto
past decade
American vehicle
Japanese car
national contract
next year
affected plant
last week
single plant
free trade
Canadian auto
next generation
local president
different type
vice president
new product
slow sale
last year
labor-management cooperation
Canadian government
Canadian dollar
net benefit
Canadian investment
foreign takeover
French company
vice president
foreign takeover
first time
four-year history
specific area
more information
pharmaceutical industry
pharmaceutical company
foreign interest
specific guarantee
other bidder
common share
common share
preferred stock
planned exchange
preferred stock
common stock
common share
pharmaceutical maker
third quarter
consecutive quarter
strong dollar
strong sale
wide profit
old product
generic drug
few year
most drug
other cost
administrative staff
new product
significant impact
large revenue
big drug
other company
high blood
strong dollar
third quarter
last year
last year
third quarter
several analyst
last year
recent year
numerous company
low profit
third quarter
strong sale
high blood
average estimate
third-quarter earning
full-year earning
quarterly performance
important drug
third quarter
last year
new state
adverse publicity
excessive use
unexpected loss
first quarter
net loss
first quarter
small profit
net income
year-earlier period
international operation
strong growth
domestic business
executive officer
first quarter
slow sale
vice president
corporate sale
new low
over-the-counter trading
past year
previous quarter
most people
own arrangement
other household
most part
present world
marginal type
social scheme
many line
other metal
financial statement
third-quarter statement
other liability
common stock
net worth
general counsel
net worth
special meeting
free fall
good news
leveraged buy-out
recent year
national issue
leveraged buy-out
fundamental change
corporate management
chief executive
real estate
annual rate
next year
vice chairman
real estate
real estate
real estate
local economy
own industry
vice president
typical range
wrong time
next door
same factor
retail service
vice president
financial problem
key category
retail economy
retail space
large department
retail neighborhood
local business
late 1970s
recent drop
square foot
square foot
square foot
square foot
financial service
preferred share
over-the-counter market
previous anniversary
first time
high court
moderate ally
different role
high court
new role
different way
past decade
major victory
civil right
conservative majority
last term
big victory
new role
fundamental question
recent month
last spring
civil right
last month
next month
new role
recent year
intellectual challenge
important way
recent history
savings-and-loan institution
first wave
low bid
large bank
previous transaction
big thrift
Canadian bank
foreign bank
healthy asset
bad asset
real estate
bad asset
previous deal
former thrift
high rate
quick sale
whole institution
real estate
bad asset
total asset
foreign buyer
common share
initial offering
common share
common share
new share
common stock
senior note
consecutive year
last week
weekly magazine
related development
fourth year
recent year
recent year
deep discount
wrong image
same explanation
national medium
few drop
new focus
net revenue
actual revenue
recent year
major crisis
big news
vice president
eastern time
new show
high salary
next stage
vice president
other consumer
strong competition
general news
regional news
brief attention
other network
more program
vice president
original program
live interview
same news
former head
senior producer
most employee
vice president
fundamental rule
legal dispute
various court
additional evidence
federal office
pretax gain
net loss
federal appeal
other state
long way
legal bill
last year
last month
other party
financial information
federal district
federal regulator
such argument
personal reason
new president
last week
prominent leader
few month
tough measure
federal funding
poor woman
such funding
foreign government
new policy
full consideration
military force
joint session
communist leadership
private businessman
pro-democracy protest
internal change
civil war
such discussion
political power
late move
executive officer
continued control
other thing
vice president
steep rise
new price
consecutive month
last month
many investor
retail sale
healthy consumer
monetary policy
chief economist
new number
chief economist
bad news
annual rate
consecutive month
annual rate
steep rise
good inflation
last month
future pace
last month
substantial rise
few month
chief economist
next year
last month
industrial good
late spring
Many analyst
one-time event
seasonal fluctuation
electronic equipment
retail sale
least part
high price
general merchandise
consecutive month
crude good
raw material
seasonal adjustment
third quarter
year-earlier period
net income
per-share earning
executive officer
several factor
nonperforming asset
real estate
third quarter
federal regulator
primary subsidiary
corporate bond
federal legislation
such bond
third-quarter result
principal market
discontinued operation
third quarter
certain accounting
appropriate level
total loss
federal thrift
preferred stock
troubled institution
apparent loss
junk-bond portfolio
preferred stock
executive officer
federal office
preferred stock
serious step
deep concern
troubled institution
big junk-bond
same month
common stock
net loss
net income
large thrift
large junk-bond
high-yield bond
current holding
commercial loan
current market
such value
other thrift
federal thrift
deep decline
junk-bond market
composite trading
common share
other activity
substantial reserve
possible loss
third quarter
general reserve
most analyst
federal regulator
regulatory standard
large amount
good will
junk-bond portfolio
separate affiliate
new thrift
prime-time show
German household
American TV
French television
European television
popular action
high culture
European air
American counterpart
combined weight
European program
local audience
small portion
European country
European country
most part
good reason
British crop
public television
small part
British air
British programming
more hour
more hour
such show
national concern
good run
popular series
local program
American program
former director
much choice
broad appeal
other people
European TV
sluggish development
national government
American program
much money
European country
same time
last week
first time
commercial television
other venture
joint venture
annual sale
British government
final agreement
European defense
recent month
joint venture
European arm
last week
joint bid
British defense
alleged accounting
bitter competitor
national rival
potential partner
financial account
last year
antitrust regulator
main competitor
direct role
new environment
weak oil
European defense
planned venture
annual revenue
annual revenue
crude oil
big oil
Canadian oil
previous estimate
crude production
first half
many producer
natural gas
vice president
natural gas
crude oil
main reason
conventional field
total volume
crude oil
main line
Canadian city
current oil
crude output
Canadian import
regulatory approval
additional capacity
modest expansion
third-quarter earning
previous quarter
second quarter
net income
pretax charge
prolonged labor
late quarter
second quarter
same time
continued increase
high labor
new contract
start-up cost
fourth quarter
third-quarter result
third quarter
financial result
tough job
large maker
personal computer
personal computer
modest increase
broad industry
over-the-counter trading
last week
first quarter
surprising strength
financial health
recent quarter
last year
down quarter
solid performer
disappointing result
personal computer
net income
fourth quarter
first quarter
year-earlier period
major force
last month
big customer
big seller
personal computer
short-term outlook
new software
executive officer
several week
weak performance
third quarter
year-earlier period
other hand
personal computer
same time
personal computer
troubled operation
traditional computer
personal computer
large network
new computer
early 1980s
modest increase
good news
only state
slight decline
same time
several state
own population
early 1980s
other region
more couple
young counterpart
more people
personal success
more time
top priority
most study
average household
net asset
considerable income
same time
top management
large bank
personal income
last year
personal income
vice president
mixed drink
previous mayor
last year
own project
only thing
new show
good bet
hot water
mayoral campaign
Jewish voter
black candidate
black voter
black candidate
black cause
old day
live television
black opponent
other mean
social issue
Jewish businessman
social worker
good moment
other people
other people
fundamental change
moderate growth
fundamental business
executive officer
executive officer
chief executive
former president
chief executive
capital-gains tax
federal budget
deficit-reduction bill
deficit-reduction bill
other bill
capital-gains tax
capital-gains provision
House-Senate negotiation
capital-gains cut
final version
great deal
capital-gains tax
House-Senate agreement
deficit-reduction legislation
capital-gains tax
senior aide
obvious place
capital-gains tax
popular item
deficit-reduction bill
federal borrowing
such legislation
clean bill
big question
capital-gains tax
Republican senator
procedural hurdle
capital-gains issue
comparable health
individual retirement
rural area
senior citizen
long-distance telephone
military contractor
excess pension
independent agency
other lawmaker
leveraged buy-out
federal tax
mutual fund
taxable income
corporate takeover
certain security
zero-coupon bond
automatic reduction
large company
next year
certain farm
next year
real estate
commercial ship
federal fee
next year
federal budget
similar provision
new fee
many company
average number
most people
subordinated debt
high-yield security
subordinated debt
major holder
so-called junk
federal legislation
speculative security
subordinated note
possible sale
other subsidiary
severe attack
extraordinary buying
well-known newsletter
major support
new low
most people
big drop
same thing
average stock
current interest
fair value
mutual fund
main thing
such selling
major brokerage
several month
next year
good time
major difference
slow growth
corporate profit
good environment
little cash
conservative portfolio
modest buying
financial community
whole junk
huge amount
financial community
big bank
selected stock
emotional basis
great opportunity
economic problem
financial problem
other stock
economic weakness
Many people
good deal
additional amount
stiff criticism
many client
strong rally
right place
bad step
several time
constitutional right
former aide
criminal activity
reasonable man
bad way
American practice
legislative change
criminal activity
common sense
same objective
individual member
congressional investigation
last time
congressional hearing
congressional hearing
criminal case
criminal defendant
criminal case
criminal matter
civil cause
civil case
civil matter
civil matter
civil matter
constitutional right
civil matter
civil matter
extensive advice
legal counsel
American public
congressional hearing
average return
strong day
original study
over-the-counter stock
vice president
American exchange
big point
busy day
regional broker
individual investor
retail equity
last hour
many phone
many thing
same thing
same time
heavy loss
small share
computerized trading
large trade
steep plunge
many investor
retail investor
institutional investor
individual investor
retail investor
institutional investor
last week
third quarter
good amount
institutional investor
computer-guided program
small stock
500-stock index
big stock
giant insurance
cellular telephone
separate transaction
big buyer
high-yield issue
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
more today
institutional investor
late war
big investor
low today
last time
favorite stock
other money
good value
fundamental level
mutual fund
big investor
long-term investment
chief investment
institutional investor
long-term holder
short-term event
vice president
significant change
institutional portfolio
500-stock index
annual average
several decade
good year
few day
computerized program
only thing
institutional investor
severe test
recent month
big block
few day
more investor
short seller
low price
short position
good day
criminal investigation
retail level
criminal investigation
direct customer
generic version
such testing
German retailer
anti-takeover defense
corporate law
preferred share
specific aspect
Dutch lawyer
international food
reasonable ground
preferred stock
other shareholder
Dutch lawyer
own position
legal action
international cooperation
European retailer
conservative banker
few kind
significant issue
fiscal deficit
major initiative
few hour
many analyst
economic policy
strong leadership
tough choice
economic policy
last month
big stake
anti-takeover policy
many way
automatic spending
economic policy
German official
official action
Democratic lawmaker
first budget
two-year plan
further drop
deficit-reduction agreement
last spring
big reason
new talk
much problem
hard look
fiscal policy
American people
190-point decline
bitter feeling
capital-gains fight
capital-gains cut
deficit-reduction legislation
next year
last week
capital-gains issue
very moment
deficit-reduction legislation
deficit-reduction measure
strong signal
good way
similar provision
chief economist
favorable time
capital-gains tax
municipal offering
six-month bill
two-year note
competitive bidding
common share
common share
convertible debenture
common share
common share
common share
common share
common share
general obligation
competitive bid
general obligation
competitive bid
competitive bid
various bond
general obligation
electric revenue
small investor
mutual fund
big loss
long-term implication
tremendous number
small investor
little guy
little guy
big guy
little guy
small investor
mutual fund
vice president
individual investor
small investor
small investor
general sale
joint stock
overall economy
rich citizen
immediate heat
current market
personal computer
big machine
more memory
recent month
such machine
few week
limited memory
sophisticated software
real computer
personal computer
personal computer
few question
small machine
real battle
new machine
direct threat
start-up firm
hard disk
last year
executive officer
new machine
such criticism
new standard
senior industry
hot product
internal expansion
other word
typical office
most analyst
same weight
less memory
third model
first quarter
major player
integrated circuit
sharp increase
previous month
annual rate
monthly increase
wholesale price
previous month
wholesale price
other market
new high
major issue
big insurer
more issue
new low
first time
new low
industrial average
public offering
over-the-counter trading
health-care consultant
last week
last month
joint venture
more cash
original value
extra cash
big brokerage
major problem
individual investor
vice president
immediate problem
annual cost
vice president
other airline
annual fee
vice president
possible show
good way
vice president
late night
weekly rating
high revenue
fourth quarter
continued improvement
executive officer
year-earlier period
net income
full result
next week
domestic business
new customer
complex computer
powerful computer
first time
direct competition
new computer
longtime leader
few year
next year
own mainframe
comparable system
big discount
first mainframe
large organization
new system
new machine
good news
wild hour
American business
entire economy
few year
national economy
fundamental business
foreign investor
financial-services industry
beneficial effect
low interest
low dollar
fundamental change
interest-rate policy
short-term interest
key interest
tiny movement
overnight loan
monetary market
several year
foreign investor
modest drop
foreign investor
foreign capital
big difference
third quarter
annual rate
third quarter
short period
longtime student
corporate borrowing
more year
economic slowdown
strong balance
leveraged company
tough word
financial market
leveraged corporation
big threat
foreign investor
190-point drop
few time
foreign investor
recent strength
bottom line
economic outlook
only point
last time
third quarter
basic chemical
huge volume
other manufacturer
strong performance
third quarter
first quarter
down quarter
consecutive record
late quarter
big stake
third-quarter estimate
overall profit
whole industry
diversified company
low profit
outside commodity
steady profit
own production
late quarter
third quarter
high profit
late quarter
pharmaceutical business
first half
most estimate
third-quarter profit
late quarter
low price
heavy capital
raw material
new use
low price
high debt
important plant
one-time charge
third quarter
non-U.S. capital
senior note
10-year note
10-year note
single security
only interest
average life
foreign bond
190-point plunge
much manufacturing
industrial production
strong dollar
easy gain
low level
total employment
wide range
industrial output
moderate gain
big effect
core inflation
volatile food
last month
core inflation
small increase
annual pace
historical standard
American television
few month
weekly series
high finance
full disclosure
major weakness
private life
little right
outside world
little chance
monthly trade
Japanese bond
senior executive
internal rival
other side
first base
old money
new money
many case
young money
good day
British newspaper
special incentive
American TV
light role
Japanese bond
British tobacco
financial service
available resource
long-term bank
executive officer
other banking
real estate
new agreement
related company
new agreement
last month
British takeover
new bid
regulatory approval
new financing
severe implication
sweeping restructuring
financial service
year-ago level
first sale
domestic auto
heavy use
strong sale
last year
high level
overall sale
tough market
annual selling
poor performance
last month
last week
immediate impact
steep market
domestic car
domestic truck
same period
big decline
new competition
last year
different program
other car
mixed result
domestic car
domestic truck
slow performance
domestic car
tentative price
most vehicle
only vehicle
domestic car
recent period
daily sale
executive officer
personal interest
military electronics
open house
deputy director
rapid change
more way
many way
few hour
Australian press
similar move
free speech
important source
previous treatment
many way
tough competition
new program
political expert
domestic problem
foreign affair
competitive spirit
domestic news
daily news
new program
national service
public life
national service
early 1970s
military experience
national service
young people
present plan
national service
high education
federal government
military service
national service
medical care
high school
national service
same kind
political resistance
present education
national service
national service
good place
national service
educational aid
senior citizen
initial price
financial contribution
national service
other country
high school
short-term worker
permanent worker
same job
national service
enough appeal
Democratic pressure
federal fund
real service
national service
national service
past year
executive officer
financial service
net loss
domestic product
second quarter
initial estimate
Canadian government
first year
annual interest
new series
major government
financial requirement
Canadian dollar
such bond
Canadian resident
own service
national program
federal college
special interest
mandatory one
mandatory service
national service
national service
main source
national service
public land
federal government
local government
poor people
national service
national service
national service
specific proposal
crucial way
such bill
average income
other way
federal government
many kind
good program
national service
important work
important work
good service
high quality
residential program
good one
good one
special concern
many way
public cost
high school
high school
other reason
young people
federal support
strategic planning
other country
massive amount
financial crisis
public announcement
more strength
central bank
public comment
central bank
same role
financial system
financial institution
federal official
fundamental change
moderate growth
further decline
major problem
major disaster
foreign exchange
financial market
financial market
frequent telephone
economic adviser
last night
special step
net asset
listed market
Canadian dollar
most investment
190-point drop
big decline
substantial recovery
further damage
emotional selling
nice buying
chief investment
most adviser
immediate course
individual investor
sizable number
good thing
individual investor
vice president
other hand
good time
real advice
good week
former president
individual investor
long-term investor
next day
technical market
good track
more share
real trouble
selected computer
other investment
personal account
broad market
most people
natural gas
personal debt
vice president
economic growth
individual stock
broad market
specified price
big market
expensive way
reasonable price
annual return
common stock
total stake
real estate
executive officer
third party
own cash
own money
long-term incentive
third party
outside investor
outside investor
former secretary
senior adviser
financial service
Japanese investor
outside director
financial officer
executive officer
private investor
major event
stock-index future
volatile move
huge surge
deep market
first test
sweeping change
regulatory step
other trade
individual stock
independent floor
major index
computerized trading
major cause
technical adjustment
sweeping change
financial market
next year
big stock
computer-driven trading
few change
prime target
stock-index future
basic market
much criticism
powerful analysis
financial system
presidential task
second panel
only circuit
more month
various stock
free-market argument
big drop
separate computer
financial market
large security
congressional proposal
current state
Soviet government
independent company
American film
weekly newspaper
own programming
official television
high wage
minimum wage
illegal trade
technical reason
big defense
few hour
political party
annual rate
economic growth
retail price
huge government
main factor
first half
real value
difficult state
economic growth
last year
potential customer
little company
wholesale price
new customer
federal court
unfair competition
other violation
decent night
annual sale
total sale
annual sale
tiny company
little rival
similar line
additional evidence
classic example
new product
new market
exact copy
legal action
real suit
such matter
legal right
electronic good
aggressive defense
legal fee
friendly tender
French bank
main shareholder
commercial bank
Mexican investor
common stock
combined stake
more share
late transaction
previous agreement
common stock
previous agreement
recent month
regional carrier
last month
giant company
regulatory approval
financial holding
current level
similar approval
recent week
new generation
total value
certain structure
additional structure
other company
striking auto
nationwide dispute
same time
last man
serious challenge
high-risk junk
huge price
potential buyer
actual trade
only offer
independent investor
new fund
big rally
high-yield bond
active trading
nationwide chain
hefty interest
last month
new junk
leveraged takeover
high-yield finance
potential buyer
mutual fund
individual investor
vice president
net asset
mutual fund
consecutive day
big gain
other security
high-yield bond
high-yield issue
past month
new junk
high-yield security
last week
strong demand
clear indication
basic business
last week
leveraged transaction
last year
new deal
bad year
strong economy
bad news
speculative debt
real estate
financial service
corporate credit
troubled bank
early critic
own earning
big rally
wholesale level
Many bond
huge amount
financial market
mortgage-backed bond
liquid mortgage
average life
corporate bond
small portion
10-year bond
municipal bond
190-point plunge
financial market
real value
ordinary income
last month
great deal
good thing
clean bill
good opportunity
corporate restructuring
clear case
own interest
same thing
good shape
good idea
common sense
bearish side
third-quarter loss
big bank
foreign loan
troubled country
long-term loan
troubled nation
such nation
pretax gain
foreign exchange
last year
third quarter
leveraged buy-out
most fee
general election
bright sign
socialist government
political party
main mark
political gain
former owner
numerous point
prime minister
former minister
special court
national intelligence
prominent figure
key opposition
central weakness
hefty sum
future dealing
moral victory
whole affair
major piece
common market
military base
new agreement
final approval
international effort
major opposition
new election
next year
own prospect
negative reaction
central bank
massive amount
financial crisis
foreign official
financial market
big rise
Japanese stock
Many bank
retail sale
last month
capital-gains tax
capital-gains provision
final deficit
excess capacity
first sale
sharp decline
legal battle
new service
hostile suitor
big share
low bid
federal appeal
corporate official
false sale
new product
substantial information
first year
poor sale
last month
small portion
other shareholder
adverse information
same article
same attention
last week
new rule
legal fee
antitrust suit
antitrust claim
last week
lead trial
new firm
federal appeal
antitrust law
major claim
major law
separate organization
mutual interest
key role
regulatory issue
high school
great health
general counsel
first woman
general counsel
top lawyer
general counsel
retail cost
free trial
joint venture
fiscal year
basic agreement
new company
fiscal year
weekly news
senior writer
senior writer
numerous job
other magazine
first half
French aircraft
financial result
large contract
first half
large contract
second half
first half
detailed forecast
full-year earning
extraordinary tax
third quarter
last year
executive officer
net income
third quarter
last year
discontinued operation
net loss
third quarter
last year
new management
net income
net loss
last year
discontinued operation
net income
extraordinary gain
last year
net loss
discontinued operation
last year
fourth quarter
next year
estimated cost
last year
other product
slight earning
diversified energy
long-term sale
previous effort
musical ad
first time
several month
real estate
additional time
senior debt
loan-loss provision
after-tax charge
Canadian dollar
vice president
strong earning
Canadian bank
ultimate value
general loss
fourth quarter
net income
Mexican debt
Mexican note
Mexican debt
Mexican note
zero-coupon bond
late move
final phase
other transaction
ambitious game
few deal
current price
high-yield junk
last month
high-risk takeover
other takeover
new term
real estate
other deal
major company
broad market
existing debt
commercial bank
recent event
special dividend
cellular business
few takeover
corporate buyer
potential bidder
corporate buyer
corporate buyer
Many takeover
corporate buyer
several stock
last month
new restructuring
last week
low price
likely buyer
junk-bond financing
potential bidder
general counsel
potential buyer
commercial bank
one-time expense
professional firm
long term
real estate
full advantage
financial opportunity
professional firm
good purchase
regional economy
regional economy
local real-estate
other word
local economy
local real-estate
long-term commitment
most company
early 1980s
domestic auto
serious sale
retail sale
residential building
real estate
professional firm
retail sale
severe setback
troubled economy
personal income
real dollar
last year
last year
few year
national average
metropolitan area
commercial real-estate
economic trend
economic downturn
real dollar
recent year
rapid growth
recent year
public work
metropolitan area
regional economy
next year
metropolitan area
economic health
real estate
metropolitan area
economic growth
metropolitan area
significant opportunity
professional service
metropolitan area
metropolitan area
advisory firm
net earning
third-quarter earning
commercial product
fourth-quarter earning
usual level
financial support
political figure
unusual meeting
federal regulator
next day
own suit
several newspaper
intense press
last month
last week
congressional campaign
corporate fund
tax-exempt voter
Democratic party
corporate donation
corporate donation
political committee
direct campaign
outside counsel
fair treatment
complete disclosure
preliminary agreement
first quarter
foreign investor
political turmoil
additional site
foreign buyer
political policy
executive officer
foreign buyer
past decade
cheap labor
competitive source
executive director
domestic export
few year
main supplier
vice president
new site
big company
joint venture
internal trade
possible manufacturing
large debt
financial problem
local industry
financial management
last year
retail sale
big market
close thing
comic book
little money
other product
last year
recent month
economic reform
foreign exchange
Chinese leader
constitutional right
high court
legal standard
high court
easy standard
reasonable regulation
net income
third quarter
third-quarter result
bottom line
previous year
low price
low earning
high tax
negative exchange
third quarter
third quarter
metric ton
unexpected earning
composite trading
low market
federal rule
major television
foreign company
foreign deal
federal rule
new way
last week
last week
Australian concern
next month
few people
most part
whole production
recent development
independent producer
vice president
last week
last week
non-U.S. enterprise
light year
long-term contract
small stake
separate firm
direct stake
big chunk
current rule
local station
one-time fee
several year
various evidence
more support
own plan
civil action
federal government
unspecified damage
executive officer
vice president
additional defendant
former executive
federal court
related development
net income
one-time charge
discontinued operation
low net
after-tax basis
joint venture
year-ago period
over-the-counter trading
second quarter
second period
third-quarter earning
previous period
start-up cost
current quarter
executive officer
full quarter
previous quarter
nine-month period
same time
various place
white government
modest house
old man
illegal organization
last night
black leader
national government
more turmoil
initial step
African government
large number
black majority
own hand
enormous pressure
first place
last night
intense debate
inner circle
joint meeting
foreign policy
political aide
Korean president
important series
Korean relation
critical stage
Korean war
new experiment
former chairman
economic growth
major topic
human right
due process
few month
major opposition
last week
uncertain term
free election
last year
democratic value
few year
several people
Korean force
communist bloc
real threat
major topic
congressional figure
most expert
few month
agricultural product
political pressure
other trade
unfair trade
other measure
last year
few day
unusual alliance
agricultural market
open trade
last week
political circle
economic future
first time
long-distance business
healthy profit
third quarter
third-quarter earning
year-earlier period
long-distance sector
net income
long-distance company
strong growth
long-distance price
local telephone
most company
long-distance company
local telephone
most company
regulatory change
regulatory relief
last week
year-earlier quarter
new telephone
three-month strike
one-time charge
new union
independent telephone
third-quarter result
year-ago period
third-quarter earning
year-earlier quarter
extraordinary gain
high expense
competitive pressure
third quarter
net income
legal battle
five-year contract
top management
senior management
executive post
senior executive
written agreement
major competitor
chief executive
Japanese company
next day
five-year agreement
own interest
legal battle
crucial factor
recent success
central part
future plan
combined project
new project
early agreement
new agreement
executive producer
new contract
other capacity
written contract
executive post
written contract
new contract
long-term contract
recent success
large measure
early year
creative partnership
expensive package
annual salary
high amount
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
common share
open market
third-quarter earning
third period
minor quarter
first quarter
fourth quarter
real impact
third-quarter earning
British giant
principal player
quarterly earning
most agency
big issue
bottom line
foreign earning
many analyst
few agency
fourth quarter
British company
tough year
pretax profit
disappointing level
other hand
most analyst
good result
separate loan
foreign banker
five-year loan
other unit
big trading
corporate purpose
international outcry
important sign
foreign bank
regular business
international group
Japanese bank
strong relationship
recent year
significant role
good credit
other loan
political consideration
Chinese loan
Japanese banker
foreign bank
overseas acquisition
independent company
next year
other partner
foreign bank
foreign banker
similar borrowing
exact interest
same amount
current quarter
few plant
new order
year-earlier period
economic datum
economic growth
corporate economist
high selling
overall demand
fourth-quarter index
last quarter
fourth period
last quarter
new order
third quarter
late figure
high demand
overall demand
new order
last quarter
year-earlier figure
fourth-quarter cost
single unit
weak price
real estate
third-quarter profit
bad loan
big profit
third quarter
third-quarter report
real estate
third quarter
chief executive
major bank
other hand
vice chairman
first quarter
second quarter
last year
third-quarter net
second quarter
per-share earning
second quarter
total number
last year
new organization
much impact
third quarter
new parent
real estate
several bank
last month
real estate
several credit
senior debt
real estate
special addition
second quarter
real estate
bright spot
economic recovery
several bank
straight quarter
good news
much opportunity
first place
real trouble
Colombian government
second-largest newspaper
red light
last month
special target
final statement
crude form
independent newspaper
long list
great attack
high official
Colombian authority
past relationship
near thing
military aid
bad idea
Colombian press
common share
common holding
subordinated debenture
senior note
senior note
financial holding
regional manager
interim basis
strong profit
French stock
key telephone
over-the-counter trading
technical center
initial claim
regular state
previous week
regular state
previous week
federal benefit
corporate manager
many store
more people
American way
recent year
large percentage
less time
low quality
early 1980s
most people
free hour
prime shopping
new thing
retail consultant
most people
few store
last year
less time
last year
real estate
negative attitude
vice president
executive officer
more sale
new store
second time
whole tone
few store
many department
Many store
good job
good service
more merchandise
other retailer
new approach
low pricing
few sale
last month
special buy
low price
strong consumer
most kind
European partner
French minister
European affair
European partner
economic cooperation
broad agreement
Swiss insurance
near-term competition
important element
internal insurance
joint panel
other country
executive officer
own prospect
positive note
chief executive
metropolitan area
annual sale
national economy
national economy
chief executive
regional level
good news
own business
good company
good sign
long-term health
chief executive
high mark
professional business
top benefit
professional employee
same opinion
local taxis
last year
next year
past year
second year
other state
high degree
chief executive
next year
chief executive
same way
more company
past year
chief executive
new post
executive officer
last month
senior executive
vice president
general manager
automotive division
several position
last month
previous post
new job
former director
national sale
additional vehicle
direct communication
regional sale
heavy application
outside supplier
such engine
overall production
affected engine
much money
last month
third-quarter loss
other difficulty
major steel
soft demand
low level
bad quarter
third quarter
fourth quarter
severe price
fourth quarter
full production
low cost
major steelmaker
last year
third quarter
late quarter
second quarter
modest price
raw material
fourth-quarter profit
lackluster sale
large customer
large customer
own cost
unusual event
third quarter
large steelmaker
large steel
third quarter
new labor
alternative supplier
other factor
high cost
new labor
significant wage
major steelmaker
Many analyst
large steelmaker
back share
wild card
future earning
more restructuring
fourth quarter
major product
excess capacity
metric ton
relative strength
low world
foreign producer
low price
bright spot
American life
young man
medical care
such care
sophisticated society
medical system
medical circle
pharmaceutical company
average person
outstanding quality
current state
American society
real concern
more people
corporate executive
sole concern
bottom line
extraordinary item
net income
third quarter
fourth quarter
composite trading
third quarter
third quarter
fourth quarter
slow sale
fourth quarter
new business
third-quarter result
next week
general election
national TV
national radio
recent month
influential medium
fair election
former minister
general agreement
Swedish arm
other city
small number
single set
sizable portion
fourth hand
prime minister
same month
top opposition
alleged drug
front page
nationwide news
next day
different group
alleged drug
prime minister
many people
many medium
British defense
serious fraud
British company
past month
last year
net worth
financial scandal
chief executive
last spring
monetary policy
central bank
federal fund
recent level
federal fund
overnight rate
aggressive manner
low level
vice president
central bank
foreign exchange
economic indicator
retail sale
vice president
high energy
retail sale
many market
bearish view
high interest
strong currency
specific policy
British government
easy answer
economic problem
few alternative
several time
European dealing
current delivery
estimated volume
early trading
public offering
common share
senior debenture
combined proceed
outstanding debt
new division
corporate restructuring
vice president
technical factor
first time
first hour
first section
first section
moderate loss
central bank
commercial bank
strong dollar
Japanese stock
Japanese inflation
other energy
natural resource
high price
domestic manufacturer
own price
high level
Japanese rate
Japanese equity
senior trader
small issue
such share
fresh buying
much effect
actual market
short-term interest
little incentive
new fund
high discount
retail issue
blue-chip issue
previous couple
100-share index
30-share index
annual conference
economic issue
good party
political conference
new one
sharp decline
last week
active selling
speculative energy
industrial concern
active option
joint bid
other company
active volume
defensive position
European market
major stock
third-quarter earning
flat industry
third-quarter earning
several year
raw material
big owner
recent month
recent year
third-quarter volume
wide range
high price
new price
high price
third-quarter unit
big summer
new product
soft drink
slow result
late quarter
positive earning
next year
third quarter
next year
international operation
most estimate
year-ago quarter
late quarter
historical earning
strong restaurant
third-quarter earning
great production
last month
early life
early day
Soviet state
original name
great deal
great deal
enormous room
Russian production
early stage
much material
random nature
great opportunity
rare material
existing management
personal computer
key part
big computer
last year
profitable member
net loss
small profit
full-year loss
future health
last year
controlling interest
past decade
various approach
good people
different culture
personal computer
extraordinary force
financial officer
various post
complete system
basic building
open software
various maker
small company
Japanese company
only sale
past problem
big asset
human resource
whole story
high brokerage
great number
other change
low share
individual investor
last month
main reason
retail buyer
vice president
financial officer
other company
more demand
vice president
financial market
average investor
few money
big expense
large firm
similar figure
standard commission
only thing
active investor
corporate executive
more share
executive officer
annual report
long time
good health
many company
favorable publicity
vice president
small net
particular stock
senior partner
long-term investor
Canadian dollar
principal amount
subordinated debenture
diversified manufacturing
short-term debt
British ship
many reader
real time
such work
common share
institutional investor
other word
several person
regulatory approval
disappointing result
commercial bank
major bank
huge addition
loan-loss reserve
third quarter
troubled loan
American nation
bad loan
leveraged buy-out
bad news
big addition
net loss
third quarter
massive addition
possible loss
regional bank
major addition
domestic loan
disappointing news
other bank
own balance
big banking
massive boost
third quarter
same period
Many analyst
third-quarter result
continued rise
interest-rate margin
third-quarter result
year-ago figure
regional bank
small increase
principal reason
slow growth
third quarter
low level
domestic loan
nonperforming real-estate
commercial loan
troubled concern
