former chairman
industrial conglomerate
high percentage
brief exposure
late result
new attention
old story
medical school
modest amount
different type
industrialized country
common kind
most school
other building
industrialized nation
high standard
vice president
human resource
mutual fund
further decline
seven-day compound
taxable fund
current yield
average maturity
long maturity
high rate
long period
short maturity
high rate
average maturity
strong indicator
high point
recent rise
short-term interest
recent decline
taxable fund
late week
short-term investment
high rate
top money
seven-day compound
late week
simple yield
simple yield
30-day compound
vice chairman
vice chairman
regulatory approval
state-owned holding
industrial control
annual revenue
federal government
new debt
capital-gains taxis
next week
vice president
general manager
Japanese auto
new position
general marketing
corporate decision
good place
red light
few meeting
future meeting
monthly setback
prolonged labor
sluggish export
same period
last year
new advertising
new incentive
new ad
second incentive
full page
last year
recent year
heavy use
same period
last year
same time
high offer
outside bidder
independent company
executive officer
high bid
long way
political concern
financial adviser
troubled company
low rate
outside bidder
possible purchase
next summer
composite trading
former president
vice president
illegal rate
nuclear power
local utility
electric service
other attempt
exact amount
next year
composite trading
last month
nuclear rate
last year
poor performance
nuclear plant
domestic sale
strong growth
monthly sale
previous month
medium-sized car
new plant
new company
initial machine
new firm
several prospect
financial officer
composite trading
new company
additional risk
other risk
new company
intense competition
direct competitor
new company
potential customer
new share
initial book
first half
other hand
independent contractor
last year
senior management
executive officer
vice president
vice president
vice president
vice president
new position
executive officer
vice president
vice president
vice president
vice president
vice president
other country
so-called priority
interim review
stiff trade
intellectual property
next spring
own citizen
own scientist
good product
foreign movie
international standard
other country
American patent
intellectual property
own interest
next country
new patent
slow progress
pharmaceutical patent
foreign debt
first time
American nation
last year
significant reduction
only way
past century
American business
major advance
early PC
big mainframe
current PC
first PC
other company
preferred stock
small field
joint venture
new field
next year
next year
Australian government
new field
other manager
certain type
significant quantity
many type
such treatment
other type
small share
financial officer
vice president
ambitious expansion
excess capacity
heavy debt
automotive industry
steady sale
quarterly dividend
Canadian dollar
Canadian cent
executive officer
last year
influential role
chief executive
British chemical
Japanese investor
new mortgage
mutual fund
strong interest
Japanese investor
institutional investor
Japanese investor
mortgage-backed security
mutual fund
key advantage
Japanese investor
mortgage-backed security
low rate
monthly mortgage
semiannual payment
administrative burden
new fund
other investor
such device
Japanese investment
mortgage-backed security
such instrument
rapid rate
corporate debt
total amount
vice president
federal bankruptcy
exclusive right
Italian chemical
indirect unit
common share
common share
foreign currency
monthly decline
foreign reserve
late investment
closed-end country
foreign country
next week
first time
closed-end fund
mutual fund
available nation
individual investor
new product
financial planner
international security
easy way
foreign stock
hard research
individual company
broad market
most country
most stock
fat premium
average discount
last year
average premium
foreign stock
foreign investor
European fund
Japanese investor
new fund
big premium
global marketing
high price
big stock
many fund
foreign company
only advice
technical talk
Russian debt
Soviet bond
Soviet bank
last spring
Soviet bank
other country
recent year
legal obstacle
additional debt
late survey
consecutive month
separate report
annual rate
private construction
seasonal pattern
same time
residential construction
most measure
industrial sector
many economist
good news
first decline
soft landing
soft landing
economic slowdown
durable good
residential construction
annual rate
next year
annual rate
total construction
last year
imminent recession
several month
new evidence
good export
last month
consecutive month
previous month
particular area
first time
previous month
short supply
odd thing
second month
low import
annual rate
late figure
American reader
international relation
hard work
strict rule
personal life
enormous sum
good number
Japanese management
assistant manager
general manager
American employee
American management
social crime
new law
deputy minister
prime minister
other school
different concern
major market
great deal
joint meeting
necessary expansion
major concern
current plan
new center
short time
Palestinian bid
recent month
international organization
long time
foreign man
Polish government
official news
low energy
environmental damage
last year
more couple
previous year
national statistic
last year
last year
Canadian dollar
senior debenture
real estate
principal amount
free spirit
great purpose
real life
own man
young woman
own child
final purpose
great deal
French film
last woman
nice person
many people
bad movie
bright spot
old man
Japanese supplier
large version
preliminary stage
specific detail
Japanese company
Japanese press
Japanese contribution
new program
negative ad
secondary presence
political campaign
main event
last year
presidential campaign
negative ad
new level
significant issue
political television
new stage
political consultant
few year
principal fight
major campaign
main attack
Democratic candidate
straight year
male voice
negative TV
negative ad
funny thing
classic situation
financial problem
other side
American flag
very woman
young woman
private life
next time
such legislation
political scientist
political season
only hour
new ad
female voice
own mean
female voice
only fraud
female voice
political scientist
serious threat
previous sale
full membership
Japanese investment
Japanese capital
economic cooperation
Asian politician
fresh policy
Japanese fund
Japanese investment
vice chairman
Japanese company
Japanese investment
steep increase
foreign assistance
overseas site
Asian nation
early part
economic burden
political ground
new status
past decade
Japanese manufacturer
domestic production
Asian nation
Japanese business
internal decision
large aid
private investor
large lender
international business
Japanese money
economic region
Asian cooperation
common market
Japanese investment
certain sector
Asian economy
Japanese company
common market
integrated production
political ty
foreign minister
next week
global trade
regional matter
own plan
major speech
political role
new order
regional friend
crucial role
Asian country
Japanese government
large aid
more assistance
net gain
Asian nation
military spending
military base
Japanese influence
own investment
next decade
Asian politics
comprehensive test
different form
many student
several state
last year
wrong answer
right one
academic research
exact question
low test
entire district
high test
other hand
extra money
new computer
special project
high rate
primary college
potential abuse
close track
next spring
early 1980s
inner city
new factor
educational funding
public spirit
new thing
good student
last year
other class
extra work
important source
huge gain
annual salary
third year
new job
good hearing
possible job
annual testing
social study
unfair testing
overall test
high school
local newspaper
whole day
last thing
advanced class
similar help
early class
standardized test
own hand
public disclosure
legal authority
standardized test
local support
unfair testing
local radio
serious look
legal authority
Many colleague
little pay
standardized test
further charge
strong evidence
popular sentiment
same question
real test
same company
joint venture
hard time
other critic
standardized test
French history
European history
European history
educational research
standardized testing
most sale
exact question
actual test
small part
exact question
financial service
federal funding
fetal-tissue transplant
small amount
such research
fetal-tissue transplant
assistant secretary
federal funding
fetal-tissue transplant
fetal-tissue research
federal funding
last year
anti-abortion group
federal funding
prominent doctor
several candidate
fetal-tissue transplant
deputy director
ideological test
scientific post
fetal-tissue transplant
many scientist
scientific progress
medical institution
fetal-tissue transplant
private funding
federal fund
federal funding
such research
damaged tissue
fetal-tissue research
total research
interstate banking
over-the-counter market
lackluster trading
composite index
daily average
busy month
daily volume
financial stock
other region
financial problem
interstate banking
green light
common share
other banking
third-quarter loss
pretax charge
executive officer
one-time charge
future loss
dramatic fluctuation
definitive merger
common share
British auto
last month
new class
preferred stock
certain dispute
electronic product
first quarter
year-earlier period
net income
detailed information
criminal defense
major city
last week
related transaction
such detail
Many attorney
recent year
last week
criminal problem
recent day
alleged drug
domestic bank
other circumstance
criminal defense
detailed form
grand jury
criminal act
further review
moderate stance
recent day
last week
criminal case
criminal lawyer
recent case
federal court
private practice
federal judge
Federal judge
federal judge
new job
federal litigation
disciplinary proceeding
disciplinary action
disciplinary hearing
disciplinary panel
federal appeal
low court
federal fund
large source
federal funding
judicial inquiry
judicial standard
common stock
planned sale
large block
former member
criminal defense
related property
square foot
top executive
unusual step
local government
same practice
broad statement
municipal contract
domestic competitor
public auction
same bid
such practice
huge trouble
common sense
Japanese company
short-term profit
long-term benefit
many practice
international interest
Japanese behavior
overseas complaint
Japanese company
recent year
Japanese company
last week
similar bid
such bid
Japanese computer
such bid
least cost
annual sale
new concern
retail store
German plant
new technology
average rate
large bank
metropolitan area
annual yield
net loss
special restructuring
excess capacity
net loss
third quarter
pretax charge
world-wide manufacturing
new order
primary market
executive officer
recent industry
slow environment
old capacity
appropriate reduction
net loss
extraordinary charge
net loss
possible reduction
other company
dead money
slow summer
former chairman
executive officer
major currency
Japanese demand
economic indicator
Japanese demand
key level
same time
narrow range
recent week
Japanese demand
significant gain
foreign counterpart
vice president
foreign investment
corporate trader
solid performance
Japanese insurance
recent deal
white knight
Japanese company
Japanese government
Japanese institution
little interest
further evidence
recent week
economic indicator
average forecast
past day
minimal effect
current delivery
estimated volume
early trading
independent TV
current contract
long-term commitment
same time
different world
vice president
right time
general manager
more time
few year
full rating
same week
major market
general manager
general manager
high rating
major advertiser
such thing
considerable energy
good guy
major magazine
would-be advertiser
plastic item
good product
young magazine
vice president
solid base
big advertiser
much money
one-time purchase
future issue
individual copy
second issue
potential advertiser
direct policy
original programming
large supplier
original TV
new account
small account
first campaign
national ad
early tender
common share
hostile takeover
executive officer
low figure
preferred share
common stock
open market
legal problem
own stock
composite trading
further step
light truck
light truck
final rule
light truck
ongoing program
light truck
light truck
light truck
many vehicle
light truck
more people
same safety
vice president
regulatory environment
additional safety
light truck
automatic seat
front seat
light truck
executive engineer
next spring
potential merger
formal offer
longstanding opposition
interstate banking
interstate banking
interstate banking
vice chairman
good partner
potential partner
interstate banking
net income
year-earlier period
preliminary agreement
Japanese bank
quarterly dividend
third-quarter loss
year-ago quarter
net income
anti-takeover plan
chief executive
industrial material
certain dispute
last month
few wine
good wine
new high
high price
first growth
last year
new member
major wine
first growth
French wine
several year
high price
large wine
young wine
limited supply
new wine
top store
different opinion
steep price
high rating
few year
great deal
own idea
expensive wine
major market
first growth
short-term interest
central bank
economic growth
recent week
third quarter
fourth quarter
stated objective
downward trend
financial market
easy credit
vice president
global market
federal fund
recent week
fourth month
slow order
retail sale
most district
most area
economic slowdown
clear sign
easy credit
recent performance
planned right
common share
common share
other shareholder
new contract
previous contract
next week
federal debt
assistant secretary
federal finance
financial market
federal government
congressional action
new security
capital-gains taxis
high interest
last night
immediate action
next week
new security
federal government
three-year note
10-year note
30-year bond
formal offering
current quarter
next week
two-year note
five-year note
annual sale
moderate trading
long-term bond
new supply
Japanese investor
industrial average
potential takeover
good return
little effect
financial market
economic condition
overall economy
sluggish growth
major market
moderate trading
30-year bond
pretax profit
first half
net income
professional service
advanced product
automotive part
early proposal
other alternative
late yesterday
third party
various transaction
late offer
persistent investor
vice president
low price
bad acquisition
composite trading
executive officer
substantial amount
subordinated debt
recent week
financial information
next move
other transaction
friendly offer
hostile tender
third quarter
few share
similar amount
punitive damage
federal court
Japanese acquisition
Japanese investment
second round
economic talk
next week
Japanese acquisition
direct investment
real barrier
Japanese investment
own economy
impending negotiation
long history
great opportunity
direct investment
clear sign
Japanese investment
Japanese business
American people
same time
close attention
Japanese investment
foreign country
American asset
Japanese investor
several week
real estate
other shareholder
last month
Japanese capital
Japanese official
Japanese market
economic issue
next week
corporate structure
full range
next spring
first set
specific change
first round
quick result
first meeting
basic datum
Japanese investment
big trading
small business
controversial trend
American market
American company
medical device
overseas company
large trading
medical device
medical product
vice president
Japanese trading
small business
Japanese use
Japanese company
commercial bank
Japanese company
recent month
first half
Japanese corporation
new business
Japanese investment
Japanese interest
small business
Japanese company
small deal
Japanese access
American technology
original management
last year
York-based arm
joint venture
general merchandise
simple investment
small company
Japanese investment
new business
Japanese term
global trading
vice president
great interest
new venture
short term
secondary goal
strategic objective
financial return
future transaction
commercial bank
classic problem
small businessman
commercial bank
high return
fiscal year
executive officer
other service
fiscal year
last month
semiannual dividend
common share
chief executive
other thing
safe deposit
good deal
personal line
competitive world
competitive rate
hefty fee
various service
many bank
strict price
small segment
annual fee
full percentage
such individual
young child
prime borrowing
other service
late year
high saving
vice president
retail sale
various life
different benefit
local market
monthly fee
big reason
thin margin
Many bank
small one
more bank
late 1970s
new product
money-market account
big bank
small town
average household
financial institution
own bank
more account
young one
additional technology
promotional effort
several package
different segment
vice president
more customer
financial service
more bank
common share
common share
common share
regulatory life
federal budget
regulatory capital
steady deposit
same time
federal regulator
troubled saving
net worth
federal budget
bottom line
long way
net worth
federal budget
one-hour price
stock-index future
high price
new circuit
stock-index future
stock-index future
stock-index future
stock-index future
executive committee
stock-index future
several trader
regulatory approval
stock-index future
current exchange
program-trading issue
several legislator
sensitive information
program-trading issue
enough study
recent month
modern note
old age
nationwide survey
next swing
mixed feeling
full life
great problem
bright sign
sole source
weekly newspaper
traditional role
quarterly dividend
many company
strong dividend
strong dividend
corporate profit
strong period
500-stock index
slow growth
strong growth
Many people
next year
many market
recent dividend
strong advance
historical standard
recent market
last time
other time
consecutive month
sharp drop
traditional manner
small percentage
corporate strength
next year
corporate profit
other year
economic slowdown
high dividend
unusual position
public company
straight month
year-earlier pace
slow dividend
next year
overall stock
total return
next year
overall market
main consideration
economic growth
corporate earning
next year
current level
net loss
consecutive quarter
direct sale
executive officer
financial trouble
next year
other manufacturer
personal computer
preferred stock
additional cash
composite trading
first visit
sixth visit
Chinese leader
domestic affair
old friend
Western country
socialist nation
many friend
Chinese leader
great crisis
initial visit
congressional legislation
private citizen
national security
American member
former president
controversial issue
Chinese official
economic policy
human right
academic exchange
former president
ideological weapon
key issue
minor matter
first time
few block
first time
several protest
past week
several time
young child
industrial company
financial institution
new employee
industrial company
new employee
young people
young people
more money
Japanese manufacturer
Japanese manager
less money
Japanese manufacturer
public relation
important thing
real change
Japanese company
financial institution
good office
more labor
positive view
favorable opinion
black voter
negative view
positive view
editorial point
over-the-counter security
alleged violation
alleged violation
improper use
other thing
unfair price
30-day suspension
joint fine
principal capacity
net capital
other violation
principal trade
unfair price
alleged violation
unfair price
30-day suspension
30-day suspension
six-month suspension
one-year suspension
sizable fine
30-day suspension
six-month suspension
six-month suspension
30-day suspension
one-year suspension
one-year suspension
two-year suspension
foreign stock
computer-driven trading
possible effect
Japanese official
stock-index future
popular form
brief difference
foreign market
stock-index future
institutional investor
current level
vice minister
international finance
last year
enough rule
single session
hefty chunk
Japanese earning
own account
last week
own account
good part
futures-related investment
institutional client
real difference
same impact
index-arbitrage trading
previous session
index-arbitrage activity
chief investment
institutional fund
100-share index
global market
average number
daily contract
domestic market
minimum wage
first time
substantial increase
small business
Democratic leader
previous resistance
minimum wage
four-year law
minimum wage
minimum wage
average factory
many year
minimum wage
minimum wage
minimum wage
young worker
only worker
six-month training
new job
many employer
American worker
high price
American consumer
corporate acquisition
executive officer
early acquisition
vice president
vice president
corporate development
old school
chief executive
vice president
corporate world
raw intelligence
first grade
executive officer
same time
last year
many analyst
healthy company
high-quality asset
strong cash
forest-products concern
combined sale
great acquisition
major portion
economic aid
future trade
secondary loan
expanded trade
total loan
direct cash
economic support
environmental initiative
major difference
foreign aid
fiscal pressure
additional cash
last week
recent experience
similar program
several year
Polish government
international population
second area
common concern
global warming
sweeping nature
special interest
metric ton
lucrative target
potential sale
great question
strong ty
separate floor
quick approval
domestic airline
recent day
recent example
other people
primary purpose
new structure
bottom half
top half
new carrier
less space
most paper
American design
Soviet city
next year
few client
new one
historic structure
residential area
low cost
numerous health
large penalty
alleged violation
single facility
alleged violation
other requirement
alleged violation
other requirement
necessary action
numerous failure
stiff fine
recent year
big problem
necessary resource
alleged safety
principal cause
large number
such statement
individual case
basic health
recent report
certain health
third category
important objective
nuclear family
recent increase
significant role
such group
major support
good thing
nonprofit organization
own survey
own staff
short time
Canadian dollar
preferred share
preferred share
other term
leveraged buy-out
final vote
Republican effort
organized labor
broad question
leveraged buy-out
full floor
major airline
large amount
foreign control
such asset
public benefit
added debt
American worker
special interest
more airline
extensive note
other day
ordinary citizen
own people
own people
military facility
own mind
such material
federal district
funny thing
key point
extensive note
free speech
easy access
long hand
next step
new position
nice people
important question
executive officer
strong evidence
troubled food
financial officer
outside candidate
international experience
heavy trading
major shareholder
recent month
international business
more capacity
such problem
international experience
domestic operation
several manufacturing
overseas operation
joint interview
chief executive
intense pressure
other food
recent month
other family
high return
pretax charge
world-wide restructuring
early result
available yesterday
personal reason
early retirement
last week
conventional retirement
annual shareholder
additional share
annual pension
net income
great opportunity
tremendous management
next year
chief executive
hard look
large division
other area
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
right thing
large trade
annual sale
extraordinary growth
good people
natural time
many acquisition
recent year
big one
last year
disappointing result
private company
second president
possible candidate
British company
important division
recent year
human right
executive branch
many appropriation
congressional action
congressional power
legislative power
executive office
executive power
other officer
executive office
fiscal year
other act
unconstitutional condition
executive branch
certain policy
such law
executive branch
federal program
economic sense
executive office
agricultural marketing
public fund
unconstitutional condition
executive power
legislative veto
legislative veto
unconstitutional condition
first year
future president
executive branch
such power
only mean
line-item veto
federal spending
line-item veto
constitutional provision
unconstitutional condition
unconstitutional condition
unconstitutional condition
unconstitutional provision
long analysis
executive power
net cash
new high
last year
previous record
net cash
gross cash
bad crop
many farmer
bad year
large quantity
other crop
considerable profit
high price
net cash
last year
net cash
early 1980s
major farm
many lawmaker
significant change
next year
recent year
same time
other commodity
30-year low
net cash
last year
major farm
net cash
federal disaster
financial setback
net cash
same time
other commodity
last year
last edition
unsuccessful effort
second-largest city
stiff competition
prospective buyer
particular area
upscale alternative
overall condition
daily newspaper
editorial product
editorial product
recent year
limited resource
financial dealing
vice president
general manager
additional benefit
many people
assistant city
main story
several year
extra edition
semiannual interest
due yesterday
subordinated debenture
secured lender
financial institution
broad use
down payment
green card
joint promotion
good credit
upscale image
few year
retail sale
future growth
vice president
green card
Many auto
few card
down payment
possible conflict
green card
future purchase
green card
two-year loan
own ticket
few year
commercial bank
huge bank
international bank
British government
future rate
British transaction
constitutional authority
local authority
similar transaction
other case
similar nature
financial institution
local authority
net payment
various bank
few day
other arrangement
local authority
190-point drop
second-largest program
own employer
huge basket
volatile stock
real battle
sharp fall
high-tech computer
major brokerage
listed company
program-trading battle
congressional opinion
major future
additional restriction
big investment
common form
own account
few day
traditional money
national newspaper
corporate executive
new product
big chunk
such money
last time
few month
current advantage
last week
major trader
bitter letter
real crisis
civil war
big brokerage
own firm
few floor
big program
top executive
new stock
small investor
traditional money
other hand
stock-index arbitrage
controversial type
other form
single product
different market
expensive market
such program
program-trading unit
senior brokerage
such program
volatile price
mutual fund
many expert
main reason
other airline
blue-chip stock
program-trading battle
recent year
traditional money
traditional stock
institutional investor
high fee
small investor
such manager
stock-index fund
influential floor
fat return
individual stock
electronic trading
new stock
former colleague
other program
overseas market
last resort
small investor
small investor
wide swing
regional broker
last year
average broker
corporate executive
stock-index basket
institutional shareholder
daily trading
blue blood
negative publicity
program-trading official
much money
stock-index future
good day
stock-index trader
more dollar
large investor
financial system
Many people
program-trading restriction
total ban
total ban
certain advantage
other investor
such proposal
stock-index future
same level
such margin
low margin
high margin
small trader
large trader
low price
short seller
short sale
certain situation
federal regulator
recent day
common form
separate market
index-arbitrage opportunity
annual return
fundamental stock
vast majority
more manager
index-arbitrage strategy
small opportunity
current opportunity
actual stock
new portfolio
easy transaction
large number
many observer
long-term investment
small investor
index-arbitrage trade
sufficient difference
large investor
large investor
whole process
small profit
certain execution
large trade
competitive market
many way
more alternative
large addition
more volatility
clean execution
ultimate goal
long term
free market
daily stock
fundamental market
fundamental stock
great value
program-trading volatility
high ground
small investor
new tax
financial transaction
long term
small investor
individual stock
mutual fund
little investor
high fee
high commission
poor performance
good record
low fee
low commission
less risk
new regulation
little guy
mutual-fund company
small investor
retail investor
large sum
high fee
retail customer
institutional customer
new trading
good way
new trading
sophisticated investor
own device
temporary profit
high margin
more liquidity
cheap way
new funding
antitrust agency
regulatory area
recent year
congressional approval
antitrust operation
overall effort
antitrust regulator
other transaction
same amount
antitrust regulator
such filing
recent filing
fiscal year
antitrust staff
major merger
corporate lawyer
new fee
many merger
other transaction
next year
more politician
other work
serious buyer
great market
great deal
next year
serious application
future growth
more business
legal barrier
electronic fund
general manager
low blood
Japanese trade
medical practice
environmental concern
past year
new customer
new marketing
new customer
last year
limited growth
local news
new study
small investor
small investor
surprising number
individual investor
small margin
individual investor
funny thing
sound thing
good idea
federal official
much point
new legislation
enough security
surprising number
small investor
great stock
financial analyst
personal account
back technology
big player
important part
financial market
mutual fund
long-term investor
short-term investor
bad day
small investor
money-market fund
more money
first quarter
speculative stock
only answer
low price
blue chip
other hand
other good
new corporation
written consent
commercial use
small change
magnetic field
significant step
other application
thin film
new technology
electrical generation
imminent use
weak link
commercial application
commercial use
magnetic field
magnetic field
good way
combined process
executive officer
chief executive
net loss
net income
late result
after-tax impact
real estate
composite trading
non-U.S. capital
long bond
general obligation
serial bond
serial bond
lead underwriter
fourth series
fourth series
minimum tax
fourth series
minimum tax
equity-purchase warrant
full fee
Swiss franc
convertible note
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
convertible note
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
new home
next week
last thing
large city
new sport
more money
own tax
last month
important interest
popular mayor
major medium
good idea
public money
several year
private fund
healthy profit
bottom line
very building
private money
net income
British paper
one-time gain
late period
one-time gain
discontinued operation
last year
Pretax profit
early trading
interim dividend
big security
traditional business
big player
commercial paper
daily operation
big firm
high rating
commercial paper
commercial paper
other firm
difficult environment
vice president
sweeping restructuring
long-term risk
own capital
leveraged buy-out
traditional practice
conventional security
leveraged buy-out
long-term lending
long delay
vice president
own money
leveraged buy-out
small group
recent report
intense competition
poor prospect
great risk
additional rating
recent year
significant portion
recent cash
lucrative client
high-risk junk
big loan
substantial portion
total merchant
large shareholder
large bank
leveraged buy-out
individual investor
commercial paper
many junk
financial settlement
guilty plea
individual customer
financial statement
several security
previous year
same rate
retail business
aggressive firm
vice president
recent year
financial staff
initial stage
corporate defendant
single court
pharmaceutical company
several state
original sale
ultimate result
first time
bad apple
constitutional issue
due process
big problem
last year
pharmaceutical litigation
new drug
strict liability
social cost
public policy
new drug
serious one
key issue
beneficial drug
big cut
national interest
new drug
more litigation
last year
well-known department
net income
third quarter
extraordinary charge
Dutch chemical
net income
extraordinary charge
late quarter
one-time loss
last year
extraordinary charge
other transaction
net financing
corporate tax
free food
economic prospect
own farmer
past food
own farmer
other people
real market
net income
recent analyst
fiscal year
industrial unit
low demand
over-the-counter trading
fourth quarter
significant drop
net income
low earning
fiscal year
start-up cost
administrative cost
current source
new factory
selected issue
early trading
long-term commitment
other hand
such share
ample liquidity
own account
second section
second section
federal fund
clear idea
active buying
dominant issue
speculative buying
high gold
speculative buying
continued gain
technical factor
blue-chip stock
100-share index
intraday low
most investor
blue-chip stock
blue chip
thin volume
sharp gain
30-share index
technical rally
recent volatility
clear indication
short-term direction
golden share
imminent bid
pretax profit
pretax profit
recent restructuring
key index
defensive quality
pharmaceutical concern
African gold
major stock
common share
common stock
initial offering
common share
common share
senior debt
convertible debenture
common stock
initial offering
common stock
criminal charge
last year
heavy metal
vice president
financial officer
former plant
local authority
last spring
sharp stock
executive director
past year
more people
present business
equal number
more people
more job
favorable circumstance
economic life
low level
low inflation
few household
recent month
economic news
corporate market
huge debt
economic report
giant computer
30-year debenture
corporate market
broad appeal
attractive call
industrial bond
large issue
long-term debt
lead underwriter
institutional investor
economic report
most part
mixed view
economic indicator
industrial sector
late report
monthly report
central bank
economic activity
sluggish pace
recent week
other thing
economic activity
wide swing
average estimate
30-year bond
next week
federal debt
fresh cash
three-year note
10-year note
30-year bond
nine-month bond
30-year bond
federal debt
such action
new debt
quiet trading
30-year bond
10-year note
six-month bill
corporate debt
total return
negative return
total return
total return
total return
net asset
mutual fund
average life
derivative market
new issue
cautious trading
lead underwriter
next week
lead underwriter
slow start
low level
lead underwriter
general obligation
solid investor
German dealer
little interest
new government
new issue
wide margin
after-tax loss
net income
last month
late quarter
last year
year-ago result
second quarter
real estate
competitive impact
planned acquisition
possible effect
industrial conglomerate
pretax profit
additional cut
legislative package
final detail
electric bill
other committee
serious challenge
new proposal
clean utility
new headquarters
local business
five-year consulting
next year
several move
special computer
previous day
previous day
one-hour trading
more hour
same day
fast version
financial instrument
certain date
most contract
opposite trade
Many investor
institutional index
active program
wide range
more stock
Stock-index arbitrage
same time
stock-index future
Stock-index future
certain date
specified amount
program-trading vehicle
500-stock index
Stock-index option
specified amount
stock-index future
listed security
high price
previous transaction
second-largest airline
labor-management bid
antitrust clearance
such filing
more stock
friendly investor
labor-management bid
big profit
antitrust filing
labor-management buy-out
average cost
exact amount
current holding
last week
friendly term
top job
special meeting
financial-services company
composite trading
financial-services holding
certain asset
common stock
possible sale
composite trading
recent move
common stock
common share
independent director
composite trading
financial information
financial news
fourth quarter
automotive supply
first half
past year
industrial sector
second half
fourth quarter
net income
favorable tax
late number
pretax electronics
high revenue
large sector
first time
fourth quarter
one-time addition
personal computer
direct sale
personal computer
hard disk
hard disk
personal computer
large producer
large quantity
Brazilian development
good level
other contract
various news
Brazilian government
late news
current crop
past decade
Brazilian official
enough information
huge portion
other hand
high price
last year
internal need
other commodity
crude oil
cold weather
weekly report
light trading
high price
continued export
Chinese government
metric ton
other thing
additional supply
most part
previous session
most worker
two-year wage
other benefit
new contract
other step
fair value
recent turmoil
executive officer
new proposal
preferred share
preferred stock
special committee
general manager
unspecified interest
general manager
personal reason
general manager
executive committee
over-the-counter market
general manager
corporate affair
technical manager
common share
net loss
year-earlier profit
joint venture
net loss
special reserve
net income
economic datum
sharp gain
sluggish trading
so-called deal
industrial average
economic growth
economic activity
last month
further action
stock-index arbitrage
recent volatility
blue chip
aggressive way
executive officer
short-term investment
new management
fourth-quarter charge
low offer
last month
300-a-share offer
labor-management group
composite trading
other paper
forest-products stock
next dividend
fourth-quarter income
net income
common share
financial result
diversified energy
common share
new company
common share
first quarter
second-largest car
pretax earning
first half
domestic sale
economic expansion
year-earlier period
interim dividend
vice president
financial officer
fiscal year
many difficulty
financial improvement
preferred stock
common share
many warrant
preferred share
over-the-counter trading
preferred stock
common share
live radio
unexpected cost
fourth-quarter profit
last year
full-year profit
last year
last year
one-time loss
unusual item
automotive part
fiscal year
discontinued operation
third-quarter profit
one-time gain
financial service
third-quarter investment
fourth-quarter result
other financing
electronic device
third quarter
year-earlier loss
net loss
net income
common stock
common stock
one-year term
additional year
recent sale
public offering
net worth
executive officer
initial offer
other concern
substantial benefit
potential problem
last week
Finnish shipyard
new company
new company
second ship
next year
next fall
third ship
Finnish shipyard
third-quarter loss
net income
pretax charge
one-time provision
future loss
good will
dramatic fluctuation
new loan
current name
other job
early 1980s
unsecured creditor
common share
unsecured creditor
federal bankruptcy
Nicaraguan president
military aid
military funding
German leader
good sign
democratic freedom
Soviet official
last month
communist official
first time
federal funding
fetal-tissue transplant
such transplant
major portion
economic aid
future trade
next week
private talk
Chinese leader
former president
domestic affair
first state
popular support
prime minister
next month
economic alternative
several government
impending attack
common share
long-term debt
planned acquisition
exclusive production
personal insurance
numerous staff
personal insurance
after-tax charge
financial-services operation
future payment
tough business
recent quarter
natural disaster
huge payment
integrated maker
pretax profit
net income
Per-share net
domestic demand
industrial machinery
domestic sale
local plant
overseas sale
fiscal year
pretax profit
late report
many economist
short-term interest
central bank
chief executive
strong indication
troubled food
sharp drop
new takeover
easy approval
minimum wage
first time
leveraged buy-out
several health
light truck
same safety
new proposal
next week
net income
last year
antitrust agency
new funding
high-yield junk
recent day
preferred share
more junk
common share
public hand
common holder
many problem
separate unit
other thrift
new rule
future junk
full value
current datum
big junk
few bond
other bond
ultimate gain
good bank
bad bank
good bank
bad bank
private investment
real estate
commercial bank
financial industry
bad bank
new career
good bank
ongoing operation
bad bank
next career
few people
current rule
past junk-bond
net income
third quarter
net loss
net income
daily trading
common share
per-share figure
human blood
certain manufacturing
second patent
large number
certain cancer
federal appeal
conservative voice
old worker
large company
serious question
environmental supply
core metal
current order
public offering
recent weakness
domestic industry
low price
low price
last year
early retirement
fourth-quarter charge
pharmaceutical company
long-term saving
short-term cost
one-time retirement
two-year strategy
few job
early retirement
composite trading
early retirement
potential bidder
early retirement
detailed account
free trip
small manufacturing
federal government
certain government
true ownership
presidential campaign
public official
public official
close friend
ample use
political consultant
organized crime
first day
low life
big house
federal program
other scandal
commercial party
large defense
big money
East bloc
many government
real issue
executive officer
Finnish government
major creditor
new company
troubled shipyard
new company
new company
vice president
former parent
new company
new management
big shipyard
major shareholder
new company
subordinated debt
new company
big creditor
other asset
secured debt
chief executive
corporate headquarters
last week
composite trading
fourth-quarter earning
late period
last year
full year
next year
fourth-quarter slump
high cost
competitive pressure
high advertising
high margin
economic problem
composite trading
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
Soviet purchase
Soviet ship
most year
low water
upper section
few week
low water
widespread rain
similar level
last year
major factor
Soviet order
good position
many year
new crop
Many farmer
Soviet order
agricultural bureaucracy
other commodity
crude oil
moderate trading
European market
precious metal
precious metal
great investment
vice president
recent rally
precious metal
defensive attitude
precious metal
industrial nature
full strike
procedural issue
strong economy
great buying
full report
previous month
industrial sector
new software
third-quarter profit
natural gas
large steelmaker
recent quarter
pretax gain
year-earlier quarter
after-tax gain
last year
third quarter
sizable chunk
soft demand
other market
automotive sale
other steelmaker
overseas market
severe pricing
low sale
joint venture
last year
second quarter
major steelmaker
net income
composite trading
other steelmaker
structural good
crude oil
back share
common stock
fourth quarter
long-term debt
other business
vice president
financial officer
vice president
financial officer
additional post
vice president
legal authority
line-item veto
line-item veto
previous president
line-item veto
congressional spending
entire measure
last week
line-item veto
legal expert
joint letter
constitutional authority
line-item veto
different end
entire bill
partial measure
first appropriation
different item
line-item veto
line-item veto
separate statement
line-item veto
congressional approval
preliminary agreement
first quarter
next year
last year
executive officer
new rate
individual investor
professional money
past summer
other thing
own company
little guy
federal bureaucracy
special counsel
corporate official
more mail
other issue
next year
short period
key official
Many investor
large pension
new investment
new option
strict participation
more investment
social choice
nuclear power
short-term investment
asset-backed security
foreign security
new feature
new fund
other investment
money-market fund
anti-takeover plan
certain condition
vice president
new position
hard line
new music
few friend
inner voice
second movement
first half
first half
inner voice
second half
substantial music
live performer
musical structure
first half
high level
international institution
many reason
top leadership
much attention
top aide
little success
individual right
last year
ideological approach
next project
former head
actual project
assistant secretary
international organization
last week
other country
hard time
continued membership
strong argument
free market
free mind
free election
genetic engineering
hybrid plant
key crop
hybrid seed
new generation
dramatic effect
male part
male part
vast majority
hybrid seed
other crop
male part
same plant
great number
hybrid seed
major crop
genetic engineering
enough number
hybrid seed
second gene
large field
hybrid seed
genetic engineering
more output
other crop
genetic approach
recent year
hybrid seed
such chemical
few day
large market
hybrid seed
bitter conflict
global implication
financial company
financial circle
financial institution
public fashion
other player
financial market
Japanese bank
new money
most bank
administrative role
new financing
global power
domestic bond
fiscal year
large underwriter
Japanese bank
Japanese bank
international interest
Japanese bank
foreign government
recent government
strict barrier
limited kind
big security
aggressive bank
other run
past year
Japanese stock
third-quarter earning
pretax basis
third-quarter earning
vice president
vice president
industrial system
vice president
international division
different time
few month
Indian summer
new season
good salary
three-month season
more hit
more game
real estate
last will
real estate
long time
next year
certain age
young man
whole story
active status
average age
little bit
complete game
old player
more speed
good control
cellular franchise
local telephone
third party
separate contract
common stock
executive officer
troubled department
retail chain
large department
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
domestic product
federal agency
year-earlier level
total value
monthly decline
effective today
other bank
major loan
recent quarter
large exposure
commercial loan
loan-loss problem
previous sale
full membership
British government
golden share
golden share
individual holding
good interest
entire company
friendly transaction
joint venture
free run
European auto
full bid
Many investor
temporary suspension
late trading
heavy volume
over-the-counter market
first move
initial offer
good offer
British company
white knight
special shareholder
large shareholder
good position
large number
past month
high takeover
own defense
hostile bid
British government
many share
long run
British car
long-term return
golden share
British government
golden share
Conservative government
sensitive issue
next election
good time
high interest
last week
same time
full bid
golden share
joint venture
agricultural concern
additional post
executive officer
vice chairman
former chairman
chief executive
hostile tender
other commitment
medical device
mandatory board
executive officer
troubled electronics
vice president
financial officer
mutual agreement
other interest
current management
net loss
year-earlier period
over-the-counter trading
new car
sharp swing
recent month
new car
daily loss
active dealing
selected issue
other sector
overall trading
own account
quick profit
political uncertainty
next year
second section
second section
institutional investor
domestic interest
high level
last week
persistent strength
economic indicator
other real-estate
short position
early performance
British government
golden share
recent week
British brokerage
100-share index
30-share index
golden share
golden share
public offering
golden share
golden share
hostile bidder
British concern
hefty turnover
parliamentary debate
British economy
thin trading
modest gain
new datum
minor role
major stock
French consumer
previous month
definitive figure
previous estimate
active part
high price
agricultural region
major source
first time
strong performance
other factor
economic performance
long-distance communication
Korean consumer
entire year
domestic consumer
wholesale price
previous month
wholesale price
Korean government
entire year
three-year contract
new machine
new machine
flat mail
vice president
vice president
executive officer
average yield
six-month CD
major bank
sharp rise
recent week
short-term interest
six-month bill
three-month issue
short-term investment
most yield
opposite direction
six-month yield
six-month CD
major bank
high yield
one-year maturity
high yield
average yield
six-month issue
most people
first thing
long stretch
French farmer
tiny eye
other rule
little sense
few foot
French half
local farmer
190-point drop
foreign-exchange market
steep fall
financial market
financial market
other matter
domestic growth
German economy
fiscal policy
European country
European market
German export
principal activity
leveraged acquisition
general partner
general partner
general partner
vice president
financial officer
past year
major reduction
American defense
more time
long-term implication
tough time
nuclear weapon
same time
Soviet attack
nuclear weapon
adequate staff
quick answer
quick agreement
conventional force
fundamental question
other nation
many weapon
more time
bottom line
other side
new aircraft
main subsidiary
first aircraft
same month
last year
extraordinary government
permanent employment
special program
same period
joint venture
rapid expansion
overseas investment
soft drink
heavy consumer
joint venture
such venture
key indicator
soft drink
next year
strong earning
third quarter
core business
indirect control
limited partnership
industrial group
ordinary share
limited partnership
new stake
preferred share
high dividend
extraordinary shareholder
ordinary share
preferred share
longtime family
current agreement
controlling stake
active role
illegal activity
such activity
common sense
public safety
three-year contract
congressional leader
minimum wage
new worker
specific training
first time
domestic policy
minimum wage
first job
six-month training
minimum wage
new worker
congressional leader
congressional election
next year
capital-gains tax
enough strength
Democratic staff
Democratic bill
last spring
great deal
old worker
low level
internal cash
preferred stock
preferred stock
preliminary rating
preliminary rating
preliminary rating
preliminary rating
commercial paper
current situation
positive aspect
commercial operation
nuclear power
several year
vice president
financial officer
vice president
financial officer
financial performance
total revenue
high quality
past year
chief business
planned transaction
annual sale
composite trading
flat earning
third quarter
one-time gain
year-ago quarter
Swiss company
fourth quarter
new information
small increase
new information
other month
annual rate
strong month
other indication
beneficial effect
monthly change
economic indicator
major boost
new adjustment
average work
several component
new order
lead time
new plant
durable good
low interest
top priority
high rate
seasonal pattern
net contribution
various adjustment
previous month
fourth quarter
future charge
regulatory agency
average interest
weekly auction
commercial paper
last week
average rate
commercial paper
last week
real person
last spring
German authority
various department
legitimate user
national security
other system
own system
little interest
federal security
red tape
federal bureaucracy
major network
quick interest
such people
national security
different level
expensive machine
basic system
rival machine
similar machine
new machine
more ally
electronic concern
internal software
last month
competitive product
last month
new machine
first quarter
federal budget
federal budget
likely alternative
short-term cash
deficit-reduction target
high interest
massive level
federal borrowing
congressional approval
net cost
real estate
short-term debt
assistant secretary
final cost
bad asset
favorable condition
federal budget
big increase
natural gas
cubic foot
joint venture
interstate pipeline
valuable note
moral support
many thing
last week
executive officer
last week
own team
vice president
vice president
European operation
vice president
European operation
former duty
2-for-1 stock
quarterly dividend
quarterly dividend
net income
fourth quarter
after-tax gain
fourth quarter
additional amount
health-care facility
real estate
three-year note
third bank
severe liquidity
certain facility
significant event
past century
significant event
first money
daily dividend
last year
rural judge
small community
favorable loan
local business
grand jury
various time
illegal interest
real estate
alleged conflict
second wife
grand jury
former secretary
grand jury
aggressive effort
rural community
urban area
same judge
public interest
legal community
first wife
first wife
last year
fine judge
10-year term
several time
federal district
appellate court
appellate court
local lawyer
former president
most lawyer
judicial process
grand jury
grand jury
local attorney
small community
several hour
several week
mandatory retirement
top court
various business
routine business
grand jury
extra step
local lender
new car
vice president
legal dispute
grand jury
personal matter
near future
only time
special treatment
local bank
economic system
outstanding work
local government
charitable organization
metric ton
single component
solid waste
natural resource
other reader
daily purchase
environmental standard
special dividend
common stock
common stock
effective date
second class
over-the-counter market
corporate purpose
non-U.S. capital
subordinated debenture
first part
second part
insured bond
true interest
true interest
certain investor
complete detail
30-year issue
average life
whole loan
principal balance
stated maturity
average life
10-year note
equity-purchase warrant
equity-purchase warrant
full fee
Italian parent
German maker
scientific instrument
scientific instrument
electronic part
chief executive
European market
annual revenue
combined company
executive officer
much oil
personal bankruptcy
overall settlement
back taxis
federal judge
major creditor
federal district
other creditor
certain oil
other asset
next year
safe outlet
Japanese investor
mortgage-backed security
Japanese hand
big change
big downturn
few year
great deal
steady growth
similar market
Japanese demand
Japanese investor
Japanese buyer
prospective investor
few year
last year
big investor
vice president
international arm
strong demand
Japanese institution
primary seller
Japanese institution
Japanese investor
Japanese investor
secondary market
residential mortgage
high yield
similar maturity
most mortgage
long-term investor
low rate
original mortgage
Japanese investor
most mortgage
monthly payment
institutional investor
semiannual payment
monthly cash
administrative problem
Japanese investor
Japanese investor
corporate debt
Japanese investor
mortgage-backed security
monthly payment
so-called participation
semiannual payment
current shareholder
more stock
large discount
certain event
hostile bidder
specified percentage
good position
long-term interest
few year
corporate management
academic study
short run
long period
institutional investor
regular basis
general debate
specific question
high-quality management
good track
particular form
institutional investor
specific poison
most poison
current management
five-year strategy
strategic plan
new poison
rare example
last year
huge litigation
current management
enough time
diversified holding
institutional investor
recent meeting
informal survey
several retirement
large stock
widespread time
specific poison
specific management
concrete analysis
general counsel
former president
executive officer
special shareholder
separate lawsuit
large shareholder
annual meeting
executive position
Canadian dollar
real estate
long-term relationship
urban property
cautious giant
Japanese purchase
negative reaction
vice president
financial officer
Japanese government
prominent purchase
controversial purchase
direct investment
particular moment
past year
Japanese company
real estate
real estate
last year
Japanese investment
real estate
Japanese company
friendly acquisition
real estate
long history
strong government
sound resource
real estate
expensive property
financial center
residential land
official decision
early step
close ty
little need
overseas venture
total revenue
natural turnover
fiscal year
net income
real estate
Japanese competitor
Japanese company
real estate
overseas purchase
large bank
favorable loan
convertible bond
major project
public project
last year
controversial plan
high-tech building
legal dispute
preliminary injunction
top post
separate statement
further discussion
separate transaction
exclusive contract
legal battle
few week
large record
world-wide record
certain business
last week
executive officer
personal relationship
Japanese executive
attractive business
personal relationship
legal battle
various stage
certain revenue
political contribution
guilty plea
grand jury
federal income
further step
federal inquiry
public utility
political contribution
legal proceeding
political contribution
various fund
political candidate
monthly payment
special production
federal prosecutor
vice president
political candidate
big piece
frequent buyer
upscale image
creative director
such promotion
last year
current campaign
direct marketing
12-month period
vice president
direct marketing
joint venture
new brand
new outlet
joint venture
same marketing
aggressive world
last year
total woman
annual sale
new line
vice president
national ad
big marketing
much interest
federal judge
American right
original strategy
economic enterprise
start-up fund
stable industry
early 1980s
American member
new member
such purchase
minimum cash
sizable mortgage
international conference
complex world
profitable operation
start-up cost
total amount
last year
academic conference
recent year
dual role
senior consultant
European politician
high hope
such investment
senior consultant
joint venture
Chinese government
Korean minority
final goal
several way
third party
initial funding
next year
alternative source
preferred stock
open market
extraordinary dividend
common stock
past time
domestic pilot
only people
domestic carrier
Brazilian financier
next week
few day
pro-democracy movement
Chinese control
Chinese lawmaker
Chinese government
Israeli official
Canadian counterpart
Israeli purchase
nuclear weapon
Korean government
Korean government
communist nation
potential bidder
foreign investor
potential investor
foreign investment
foreign investment
basic industry
potential investor
central bank
black leader
African state
next year
federal judge
foreign country
real estate
federal prosecutor
criminal defendant
foreign document
foreign procedure
foreign business
alleged crime
other country
foreign government
foreign document
constitutional right
joint venture
joint office
Japanese law
legal consultant
Japanese client
foreign law
international law
general matter
financial institution
other client
senior banking
next year
corporate law
Japanese attorney
appellate court
female employee
female job
comparable job
own standard
large law
environmental work
executive director
leveraged buy-out
foreign control
major airline
more carrier
ample power
technical center
young employee
early step
recent year
foreign car
single employee
technical center
internal debate
top management
young generation
big reason
lackluster car
crucial test
surprising progress
top management
vice president
Japanese auto
second-largest auto
big rival
Japanese car
next level
new person
big deal
top executive
other trip
old employee
Japanese fashion
broad range
new version
powerful engine
sophisticated suspension
new model
wide margin
such item
Japanese car
last year
strong sale
new car
limited sale
Japanese auto
new version
new car
vice president
next fall
opposite end
Japanese luxury
other hand
next year
big business
large profit
next year
net income
fiscal year
remarkable recovery
general surge
Japanese car
fiscal year
modest increase
big reason
fiscal year
only auto
strategic advantage
separate subsidiary
Japanese company
international company
vice president
big challenge
more thing
joint venture
joint venture
large record
informal meeting
political boost
detailed negotiation
unexpected meeting
informal meeting
other leader
next spring
substantial decision
wide range
informal nature
political dividend
economic problem
American official
Soviet politician
historic move
such criticism
Democratic critic
Soviet relationship
small group
more time
social activity
next year
informal meeting
specific agreement
low level
human right
Soviet reform
regional dispute
economic cooperation
joint effort
economic advice
possible topic
Soviet trade
small group
American businessman
general trade
Soviet export
new initiative
Soviet economy
other issue
major movement
economic cooperation
informal way
own idea
foreign leader
other issue
naval force
Western analyst
military official
great strength
Western alliance
nuclear weapon
American ally
informal meeting
Soviet leader
possible session
top aide
few day
senior official
political critic
Soviet bloc
Soviet system
senior aide
next year
potential loss
potential cost
large bank
former manager
former branch
vice president
state-owned bank
foreign branch
central bank
foreign loan
recent note
civil disobedience
several campaign
British government
civil disobedience
foreign power
civil disobedience
constitutional protection
human right
few case
black woman
most case
civil disobedience
civil disobedience
fundamental difference
free system
civil disobedience
civil disobedience
public attention
little value
whole purpose
good way
civil disobedience
minor property
small price
certain road
live audience
good deal
certain group
planned protest
several member
considerable revenue
civil disobedience
second situation
civil disobedience
other people
young man
civil disobedience
additional burden
great help
future generation
civil disobedience
civil disobedience
good rule
civil disobedience
good course
vice president
key legislator
last month
special session
only part
total damage
federal aid
bipartisan agreement
legislative leader
net income
second quarter
high price
industrywide price
year-earlier period
composite trading
personal return
routine inquiry
such item
congressional source
civil penalty
congressional aide
strong candidate
single penalty
other report
federal bill
other state
federal bill
charitable activity
other tax
stable owner
detailed account
several hour
prior experience
back pay
previous court
overall material
strategic plan
other creditor
eastern call
other bankruptcy
early plan
substantial pay
other labor
federal district
much money
similar set
separate pay
few people
general public
vice chairman
professional service
executive officer
blue-chip advertiser
potential client
new business
new business
strategic consulting
major client
high degree
last month
small consulting
longtime friend
senior executive
other marketing
recent agency
long relationship
severe trouble
other service
new job
new ad
chief executive
true performance
new TV
obvious plea
emotional reaction
creative director
such program
black audience
executive officer
black market
net income
next year
prime minister
Asian leader
domestic affair
several month
Western economy
good engine
industrial economy
Chinese problem
Chinese official
similar conflict
political control
outside world
Soviet people
Western economy
present situation
economic cooperation
open world
Asian bloc
total relationship
total relationship
American demand
American product
Japanese technology
own voter
agricultural import
military presence
American base
only one
political burden
great burden
military presence
military alternative
large part
naval side
major power
recent history
few nation
Many people
vice president
similar case
new kind
great hope
magnetic field
electrical circuit
clinical test
good circumstance
such test
magnetic device
commercial version
such device
partial recovery
such operation
such people
significant problem
apparent side
minor increase
magnetic device
medical standard
similar study
first step
new machine
different letter
certain area
first group
other thing
strong device
thin film
fast computer
new technology
late research
last year
principal payment
average life
sole underwriter
industrial manager
extraordinary quality
new center
Japanese company
important task
conservative leader
first opposition
modern history
huge budget
cultural barrier
Japanese investor
Japanese manager
foreign investor
total investment
young president
Japanese school
Japanese government
more help
congressional election
economic program
economic growth
key component
stable exchange
high level
enormous amount
foreign exchange
big investment
Japanese business
Japanese investment
Japanese money
Mexican official
Japanese reserve
Japanese investor
economic outlook
new law
existing law
Mexican restriction
foreign ownership
direct control
good hope
foreign control
big problem
Japanese effort
back door
economic growth
near-term performance
last week
three-month prospect
German mark
similar survey
further cut
soft landing
vice president
corporate trade
federal fund
current level
overnight loan
near future
several sector
real estate
new home
last month
central bank
full percentage
central bank
key rate
official discount
Japanese discount
central bank
commercial bank
190-point drop
short-term interest
central bank
industrial nation
massive dollar
subsequent price
deputy manager
Japanese investor
near term
Japanese institution
current level
senior trader
economic datum
key rate
chief trader
opposite stance
German interest
great dollar
foreign exchange
great dollar
new year
few month
downward trend
economic time
low dollar
most analyst
near-term prospect
tough line
current delivery
moderate trading
estimated volume
early trading
several comment
internal market
European community
financial community
financial center
recent year
new date
parliamentary term
minimum wage
low wage
high wage
enough vote
own course
other issue
third-quarter result
separate inquiry
derivative product
vice president
senior management
second quarter
foreign currency
interest-rate option
interest-rate environment
short-term rate
long-term rate
interest-rate option
foreign exchange
complex product
current market
interest-rate option
interest-rate swing
specified period
future currency
internal control
internal control
last year
open eye
private eye
large company
next year
big client
several objective
same city
entire career
whole career
competitive reason
rapid expansion
new business
regional office
second-largest security
big firm
combined company
average rate
long-term bank
last year
combined company
subordinated debt
modest profit
former parent
financial condition
further comment
total revenue
American brand
different approach
commercial finance
net proceed
after-tax gain
fourth quarter
strategic restructuring
separate entity
total asset
independent finance
hostile takeover
common share
controlling stake
other investment
common share
hostile takeover
composite trading
effective method
preferred stock
stated value
common stock
long-term investor
interim injunction
annual shareholder
upscale housing
insured loan
only thing
special interest
large loan
last week
more loan
last year
high mortgage
next week
federal housing
other senator
down payment
important element
down payment
same thing
new government
last week
single hearing
more observer
own act
last thing
bad loan
African subsidiary
African company
final agreement
world-wide restructuring
several country
continued presence
African society
huge deficit
good start
difficult work
large cut
new factory
final budget
economic plan
sharp increase
other thought
discontinued operation
third quarter
planned sale
financial impact
third quarter
net loss
late period
public offering
near future
core oil
new company
big business
corporate leader
health-care cost
medical cost
national health
vice president
long way
specific program
health-care system
labor-management cooperation
health-care legislation
more time
minimum level
bipartisan group
broad support
expanded benefit
high care
national product
total output
foreign competitor
industrial strength
many company
high employee
medical cost
new contract
national solution
health-care cost
corporate interest
entire financing
false hope
bad job
bipartisan commission
new plan
long-term care
broad look
next summer
next year
major change
major attempt
health-care system
powerful interest
medical treatment
such standard
medical procedure
medical procedure
total spending
individual state
health-care spending
major effort
severe cost
American auto
new facility
Canadian dollar
existing plant
less liability
regulatory approval
next year
executive officer
due course
chief executive
further discussion
rival bidder
high price
junk-bond market
industrial company
financial buyer
leveraged buy-out
strategic buyer
financial buyer
most analyst
such company
hostile bid
major player
hostile bid
attractive takeover
forest-products company
combined company
great risk
most analyst
major product
large quantity
vice president
combined operation
many way
white paper
own sale
significant downturn
first year
antitrust clearance
junk-bond market
much value
so-called poison
hostile bidder
federal court
potential takeover
strong cash
national trading
available cash
foreign paper
hostile bid
one-time event
many analyst
hostile bid
several month
several project
Japanese paper
additional manufacturing
Japanese company
European industry
friendly takeover
European paper
full marketing
new drug
private industry
third quarter
third quarter
third quarter
little bit
new datum
health-care cost
private-sector worker
same period
big increase
health-care cost
great share
overall labor
private-sector employment
rapid pace
other industry
third quarter
private industry
second quarter
third quarter
private-sector union
third quarter
third quarter
same quarter
second quarter
economic indicator
pretax saving
certain asset
new series
preferred stock
general proposal
new takeover
big rally
active trading
long-term bond
economic report
high offer
other paper
big role
big brokerage
own account
controversial practice
short-term course
corporate earning
many trader
economic news
economic indicator
little impact
financial market
important piece
late yesterday
economic activity
national survey
national debt
major market
active trading
30-year bond
foreign currency
diversified construction
consolidated profit
first half
French franc
strong earning
full-year trend
seasonal nature
consolidated profit
large competitor
other company
video shopping
last year
third-quarter loss
year-ago quarter
year-ago result
good will
preferred stock
convertible bond
third quarter
general loan
high-yield bond
junk-bond portfolio
corporate advertising
first time
American democracy
large food
last year
most consumer
corporate campaign
initial spot
prime-time news
possible audience
corporate ad
most people
vice president
corporate affair
special appeal
American culture
political freedom
former chairman
major aspect
political strategy
civil right
commercial feature
civil right
same time
corporate campaign
little risk
constitutional law
over-the-counter market
big gain
strong rise
composite index
industrial stock
big bank
strong sector
big technology
recent sell-off
conservative investor
big stock
disappointing earning
composite index
recent decline
big hit
many software
large company
big stock
blue-chip issue
small stock
small technology
recent stock
small technology
large group
annual revenue
large technology
other issue
immediate outlook
other hand
small investor
such program
over-the-counter market
recent volatility
golden share
British government
active takeover
three-year contract
steep loss
recent session
domestic airline
first construction
dominant industry
daily flight
additional spending
single bill
domestic program
federal mortgage
strong resistance
new saving
last year
total appropriation
costly project
advanced communication
future spending
steady increase
medical care
environmental program
excess spending
parliamentary obstacle
individual bill
past spring
whole agreement
commercial air
rural area
deep cut
entire program
independent airline
few number
federal government
last week
last word
last night
exclusive power
existing bank
preferred stock
certain oil
existing lender
net oil
related equipment
real estate
real estate
recent announcement
partial sale
real estate
real estate
real estate
real estate
net asset
real estate
private market
recent sale
antitrust suit
private market
private market
real estate
different way
private buyer
public shareholder
real estate
public ownership
real estate
private market
early estimate
recent report
narrow discount
current price
aggressive side
other word
real estate
high value
real estate
political ally
real estate
unusual group
real estate
natural resource
real estate
net loss
third quarter
net income
net loss
daily trading
common share
friendly bid
other shareholder
British subsidiary
internal resource
further acquisition
public share
possible sale
ongoing battle
common share
direct response
pretax profit
pretax profit
extraordinary item
per-share earning
per-share dividend
last year
federal regulator
Panamanian subsidiary
Swiss bank
federal regulator
principal owner
federal authority
expensive thrift
criminal activity
last year
specific violation
last year
bad loan
criminal behavior
excessive influence
federal regulator
total loss
downward adjustment
Federal official
regional official
fraudulent series
charitable organization
financial information
foreign investment
unusual activity
overseas investment
crucial steel
big question
major steelmaker
first effort
major steelmaker
free fall
major steel
planned increase
other commodity
fourth quarter
industrial commodity
same time
further price
major customer
more money
fourth quarter
last year
sizable discount
first steelmaker
common share
new cash
short-term bill
exclusive arrangement
more year
first quarter
past century
American business
new life
outside capital
first product
profitable year
first patent
own product
French bank
hostile takeover
last week
French franc
friendly institution
common share
French franc
general partnership
joint venture
annual revenue
other area
new venture
pretax earning
first half
strong demand
net income
pretax profit
per-share dividend
domestic demand
economic expansion
high profit
federal government
capital-gains tax
separate bill
procedural obstacle
popular issue
last night
House-Senate conference
federal debt
separate bill
capital-gains provision
capital-gains tax
individual bill
sufficient vote
procedural action
deficit-reduction legislation
separate bill
valuable issue
next year
congressional election
capital-gains measure
procedural hurdle
federal government
good strategy
federal government
congressional hearing
capital-gains tax
net loss
third quarter
net income
last year
pretax charge
British subsidiary
financial adviser
strategic alternative
former head
net sale
third quarter
last year
British sale
current year
discontinued operation
domestic account
last year
forest-products stock
late selling
big buy
blue-chip share
institutional account
stock-index future
industrial average
broad market
other suitor
composite trading
last week
good feeling
current level
hot tape
stock-index arbitrage
institutional investor
late session
most paper
forest-products stock
potential industry
forest-products issue
solid gain
late session
advisory committee
financial-services unit
fourth quarter
high rating
common share
separate company
third-quarter earning
net income
environmental consulting
new series
preferred stock
existing debt
common stock
open market
common share
specific plan
informal talk
next month
wide range
substantial decision
next spring
East bloc
regional dispute
economic cooperation
Palestinian town
other good
military authority
German leader
large opposition
democratic freedom
domestic airline
first construction
Contra rebel
military aid
Chinese leader
last spring
fourth day
private visit
main opposition
black protest
genetic engineering
hybrid plant
civil war
new post
net income
third quarter
net income
listed company
powerful floor
last year
national problem
many exchange
recent day
public announcement
own floor
recent day
many people
last year
electronic trading
monthly statistic
monthly report
specific day
heavy program
index-arbitrage program
stock-index arbitrage
large amount
stock-index future
stock-index arbitrage
own account
program-trading outcry
recent day
individual stock
many company
continued volatility
big swing
special meeting
senior official
major brokerage
top brokerage
500-stock index
electronic trading
own interest
slow start
big brokerage
stock-index fund
huge basket
such index
overseas market
total ban
big institution
much control
public investment
big swing
good place
significant number
program-trading problem
public role
vice chairman
individual investor
major problem
first increase
minimum wage
new worker
last year
sharp price
high bid
further indication
clear sign
private industry
third quarter
several business
common share
hostile bid
back pay
political contribution
Japanese investor
mortgage-backed security
recent trend
third quarter
natural gas
net worth
major fraud
economic weakness
economic strength
strong start
overnight trading
foreign market
good buying
German mark
additional boost
sharp decline
economic slowdown
economic activity
consecutive month
30-year bond
two-year note
four-year note
municipal bond
mortgage-backed security
corporate bond
corporate market
considerable attention
giant computer
30-year bond
last time
corporate debt
other corporation
overall market
little bit
industrial bond
large amount
light trading
30-year bond
10-year note
short-term rate
average rate
high-yield offering
high yield
junk-bond market
other junk
high-yield offering
several issue
financial officer
favorable market
more debt
original bank
subordinated debt
average life
such issue
average life
average term
late dealing
near term
general obligation
tax-exempt portion
foreign bond
foreign government
German bond
German economy
high interest
high level
Japanese government
little change
British government
economic policy
financial planning
other service
other government
state-owned school
public bond
affected government
fiscal year
financial result
financial report
different rule
legal structure
main business
more company
over-the-counter trading
net loss
related development
controlling shareholder
top officer
preferred stock
large stake
common share
chief asset
controlling stake
direct salary
definitive agreement
future performance
last week
sharp criticism
other computer
immediate plan
civil suit
different item
individual deal
low price
original price
possible price
new high
common stock
common stock
new high
gold price
other hand
fat dividend
few day
industrial stock
other problem
big auto
British government
political uncertainty
high inflation
assistant director
major market
short-term interest
classic example
electric power
steady rate
defensive issue
per-share earning
many selling
further step
few year
gold stock
new high
12-month low
such low
actual recession
slow growth
gold issue
general market
gold mining
corporate profit
environmental problem
private gain
next century
small reduction
new crisis
new crisis
general public
natural environment
important part
corporate colleague
major change
several colleague
recent change
recent meeting
important part
private group
modest program
scientific theory
initial opponent
few expert
several year
technical staff
new crisis
environmental group
environmental problem
unprecedented level
scientific community
widespread fraud
net worth
chief executive
third quarter
further loss
common stock
tremendous amount
financial result
fiscal year
fraudulent accounting
net income
financial statement
such statement
year-earlier sale
new balance
new line
first company
thin drive
personal computer
next year
vice president
next year
thin margin
over-the-counter market
several month
outside director
criminal charge
grand jury
fraudulent practice
internal investigation
red flag
internal report
few week
own lawsuit
former company
recent publication
traditional standard
broad test
private life
domestic relationship
physical health
sufficient evidence
important implication
corporate security
other bank
similar application
municipal security
federal law
other security
new type
institutional investor
last year
corporate debt
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
vice president
financial service
executive officer
new post
vice chairman
most people
creative company
large competitor
well-known name
new product
same time
small company
big word
key people
tight control
detailed project
corporate structure
creative drive
recent trade
next generation
large company
new player
annual sale
traditional road
total sale
world-wide sale
joint venture
past year
major brand
more control
big player
executive officer
additional post
new post
vice chairman
vice president
senior partner
vice chairman
executive officer
vice president
private network
next spring
major chunk
new investor
existing shareholder
chief executive
additional financing
Australian entrepreneur
big investor
technical problem
next spring
continued uncertainty
more money
promotional drive
costly bidding
thin volume
last week
sharp decline
100-share index
few minute
30-share index
internal requirement
selected stock
100-share index
significant buying
blue-chip stock
solid gain
fresh buying
100-share index
fresh buying
senior executive
British television
German company
joint venture
British concern
next week
total turnover
quiet trading
selected issue
early trading
low interest
last week
second section
second section
future advance
gold price
weak dollar
impending wage
next spring
blue-chip stock
strong gain
special factor
major stock
tentative agreement
three-year labor
primary facility
new agreement
existing shareholder
British chemical
separate company
next year
first quarter
entire company
British industry
corporate raider
high price
core activity
Australian financier
small stake
last year
institutional shareholder
specific takeover
joint venture
new company
Japanese concern
local partner
new company
local concern
British subsidiary
extra fund
overseas unit
domestic production
previous month
consecutive month
year-earlier level
domestic industry
economic expansion
Japanese steel
domestic sale
local sale
domestic demand
little room
vocal contractor
long time
valuable player
various film
vocal demand
vocal performance
vocal development
much mind
early session
vocal training
vocal performance
different character
vocal performance
first number
single note
natural gas
next year
initial production
cubic foot
cubic foot
cubic foot
estimated production
last week
previous week
last week
last week
previous week
next year
free enterprise
American eye
public office
high position
present state
internal travel
first sentence
same purpose
own experience
next voice
simple way
whole culture
extraordinary answer
poor region
major region
recent review
industrial nation
rapid population
major goal
African culture
substantial resource
foreign aid
present trend
next spring
same time
European carrier
last month
fair trial
international protest
chief information
normal business
international ban
environmental group
Japanese city
past decade
Soviet farmer
musical talent
foreign country
own expense
past decade
last week
political turmoil
economic model
next year
international currency
monetary policy
economic newsletter
few week
new client
unsuccessful run
vice president
chief economist
economic debate
only currency
commercial bank
central bank
monetary gold
rapid growth
annual rate
central bank
much money
only instrument
monetary policy
foreign country
central bank
monetary system
final asset
final asset
primary instrument
foreign currency
central bank
other currency
weak currency
good thing
weak currency
foreign buyer
international effort
last month
central bank
own currency
own currency
monetary policy
other nation
good thing
international responsibility
own advantage
enormous power
sound world
good test
monetary order
2-for-1 stock
annual dividend
third-quarter earning
Canadian dollar
Canadian cent
Canadian cent
annual dividend
Canadian cent
Canadian cent
light trading
senior executive
future sale
special meeting
current plan
Canadian dollar
Canadian cent
Canadian cent
mandatory use
separate seat
added cost
late 1970s
five-year period
close look
broad issue
young child
small child
own ticket
regular seat
many parent
extra ticket
young son
last spring
dangerous part
executive director
mandatory use
main flight
extra ticket
commercial airline
executive director
regulatory standard
current rule
good approach
own decision
most airline
public comment
vice president
major airline
extra ticket
whole family
regular seat
most car
recent year
extra seat
current practice
executive officer
effective yesterday
internal policy
adverse effect
financial condition
further detail
further announcement
chief executive
chief executive
vice president
new company
former chairman
chief executive
chief executive
former president
chief executive
new company
executive officer
first quarter
annual import
overseas manufacturing
full speed
other nation
foreign manufacturing
ultimate target
annual volume
additional production
new employment
overseas purchase
European auto
central business
real estate
prime development
certain development
real estate
real estate
top broker
major asset
common stock
potential investor
vice president
real estate
real estate
many observer
Japanese buyer
real estate
Japanese buyer
senior debt
natural gas
aggressive effort
first mortgage
preliminary rating
preliminary rating
preferred stock
commercial paper
first mortgage
public offering
common stock
Spanish stock
maximum fine
Spanish oil
senior government
economic affair
maximum penalty
Spanish stock
maximum fine
actual fine
formal proposal
Spanish law
Spanish unit
institutional client
private investor
2-for-1 stock
additional share
common stock
strong start
lackluster trading
futures-related program
economic report
further loss
blue-chip issue
positive territory
entire session
broad market
last week
consecutive loss
industrial average
stock-index arbitrage
institutional trading
lackluster activity
first piece
economic datum
monthly survey
industrial average
recent price
economic datum
slow growth
composite trading
continued speculation
common share
strong performer
blue-chip issue
new bid
new bid
personal computer
portable model
active issue
federal regulation
preferred stock
core capital
similar problem
new capital
preferred stock
savings-and-loan sector
third-quarter earning
last week
Dutch company
antitrust clearance
common stock
common share
third-quarter earning
sharp rise
third quarter
year-ago level
executive officer
unspecified action
first time
current show
comic look
small portion
new segment
new production
American stage
prime reason
several reason
political event
taxable investment
various holding
other trader
several factor
excessive demand
federal government
same degree
corporate profit
recent announcement
leveraged company
certain oil
past week
poor result
psychological reason
long-term success
capital-gains proposal
capital-gains rate
great growth
capital-gains tax
other average
low rate
important factor
recent stock
capital-gains tax
real money
real trouble
electronic equipment
annual interest
French company
stock-index future
stock-index future
current level
same amount
stock-index future
last time
recent day
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index arbitrage
large amount
stock-index future
190-point plunge
next trading
current outcry
major newspaper
big money
federal regulator
stock-index future
stock-index future
high margin
stock-index future
stock-index future
first place
wide price
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index future
stock-index arbitrage
chief investment
tax-exempt account
broad market
institutional investor
other money
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index future
own account
profitable opportunity
few firm
own account
institutional investor
stock-index future
stock-index future
opposite brokerage
program-trading debate
foreign competition
other country
low margin
special meeting
common stock
common share
bad start
vice president
economic indicator
first hour
low price
short-term bill
strong buying
retail demand
small bank
vice president
chief economist
economic statistic
first official
small gain
new job
economic indicator
modest bond
congressional effort
30-year bond
corporate bond
strong demand
general obligation
municipal market
municipal bond
tax-exempt bond
general obligation
recent memory
high rate
financial health
political uncertainty
recent week
light trading
30-year bond
10-year note
short-term interest
average discount
three-month bill
six-month bill
last week
current authority
previous sale
standard settlement
early settlement
three-month bill
six-month bill
early settlement
secondary market
six-month bill
high bidding
low bidding
corporate issue
secured note
high-yield market
secured note
annual interest
subordinated debenture
high-yield trader
certain case
high-yield junk
new-issue market
leveraged buy-out
principal amount
high-yield offering
subordinated debenture
light trading
derivative market
real estate
potential claim
derivative mortgage
few week
major buyer
few month
other investor
high yield
corporate bond
asset-backed market
large deal
past week
last week
municipal issue
municipal market
municipal future
early low
recent trading
new-issue supply
municipal future
front month
foreign bond
British government
steady pound
British stock
German government
nervous trading
Japanese government
second quarter
different region
such transaction
second quarter
total value
total value
common market
strategic priority
European community
second quarter
such transaction
second quarter
such transaction
common stock
common share
common stock
composite trading
definitive agreement
Japanese investment
certain trade
competitive advantage
new technology
last year
executive officer
common share
national trading
over-the-counter market
most area
Japanese company
upper hand
own competitor
Japanese concern
Japanese player
Japanese government
national product
Japanese company
new technology
deputy president
much money
such technology
net income
net loss
genetic material
other thing
Soviet space
international affair
economic machine
high technology
high-tech leader
Soviet space
early decision
Many plant
military equipment
good use
own system
Soviet effort
principal ally
economic relation
economic ty
new export
good bet
Soviet official
high-tech item
last week
more space
major target
large business
Soviet economy
such area
medical development
hard cash
direct technology
Japanese manufacturing
actual production
structural problem
Soviet technology
such discussion
military technology
past century
American business
bitter debate
such leader
full competition
active market
early 1970s
own trade
big client
institutional business
federal measure
long term
more exchange
big house
large share
total commission
small share
advisory fee
foreign stock
recent year
same year
presidential mission
economic change
several week
top government
presidential mission
economic sector
economic aid
new government
other thing
musical act
new record
successful record
near competitor
young partner
hot trend
financial stake
own effort
good reason
American way
few people
such activity
good news
more interest
positive sign
hot growth
enough time
average price
last year
few piece
high price
corporate payment
good prospect
maximum speed
much money
many people
more time
weekly round
most people
little thing
more time
last year
emotional aspect
American institution
high percentage
other sport
first place
other retailer
financial problem
other retailer
financial health
private housing
flat report
down trend
tight credit
central bank
new home
scientific explanation
public opinion
unusual number
funny suit
natural mean
next thing
few question
heavy traffic
secret weapon
Canadian reader
red house
powerful force
administrative right
major firm
annual earning
last year
retail sale
last summer
rich commission
few month
heavy rain
last week
civil engineer
recent month
high standard
civil engineer
former employee
active worker
similar saving
advisory letter
active worker
former worker
substantial tax
severe case
average pay
last year
own package
health-care cost
planned career
good grade
ample number
last year
first time
huge country
political job
good look
few week
most analyst
many candidate
other candidate
financial market
good indicator
big question
new president
political support
electoral college
military rule
large economy
economic strategy
political scientist
internal debt
domestic market
short-term money
internal debt
public deficit
domestic product
public service
busy signal
public service
temporary wage
foreign debt
last month
economic program
serious chance
political power
former factory
foreign debt
high bidder
next president
many choice
medical technology
chief executive
fiscal year
own facility
own action
last year
regular charge
new machine
young doctor
medical school
primary care
young doctor
recent survey
professional position
such fear
average debt
medical school
only reason
more time
personal interest
several week
most patient
most patient
own care
medical director
health-care team
less attention
other staff
regular room
much interest
first conference
new research
local news
financial statement
financial statement
financial record
joint venture
pharmaceutical manufacturer
new company
limited partnership
senior note
convertible acquisition
preferred unit
financial flexibility
other oil
last year
new tax
administrative cost
common unit
common stock
common unit
convertible acquisition
preferred unit
common share
current acquisition
preferred holder
same stake
general partner
large holder
preferred unit
preferred unit
equal number
preferred stock
other condition
discontinued talk
definitive agreement
new quarter
first quarter
next year
planned sale
small investor
mutual fund
two-year high
net sale
volatile day
wide stock
net sale
mutual fund
190-point market
net buyer
recent outcry
net sale
major reason
high-yield junk
net sale
mutual fund
slight decline
mutual fund
chief economist
small investor
short-term fund
additional investor
large fund
most business
vice president
net sale
new account
new sale
subsequent sale
net sale
next month
different story
few day
mutual fund
less cash
large cash
great focus
conservative equity
aggressive growth
national security
Soviet expert
stable currency
competitive market
private property
real price
economic system
communist party
political arrangement
Soviet problem
Western credit
foreign policy
similar sentiment
same thing
much difference
many hurdle
Soviet leader
own system
Western money
other hand
complex view
political culture
congressional criticism
late stage
political opponent
Western interest
executive director
previous sale
fellow lawmaker
federal death
Democratic leadership
legal procedure
high court
such law
procedural requirement
federal level
federal land
new crime
last week
critical question
federal death
many people
federal death
federal death
Democratic staff
federal execution
federal government
whole debate
serious issue
few people
many people
old issue
major part
large number
important way
most prosecutor
racial consideration
major study
particular state
black defendant
white defendant
such research
constitutional attack
particular death
last year
temporary injunction
unfair mean
unfair price
legal authority
financial market
electronic network
electronic business
year-earlier level
federal court
unsecured creditor
certain accounting
exclusive period
final approval
major earthquake
whole time
former gas
major earthquake
last thing
current operation
vice president
corporate communication
vice president
British lawyer
good health
national product
many plant
Canadian plant
last month
specific indication
many plant
Canadian plant
recent year
foreign auto
so-called transplant
Japanese auto
last month
white-collar worker
few month
last year
new debt
leveraged company
huge debt
leveraged buy-out
other creditor
financial adviser
mixed reaction
cheap deal
more money
valuable company
leveraged buy-out
right price
real estate
last week
first quarter
year-earlier quarter
previous year
executive officer
little progress
other creditor
last week
major factor
prolonged strike
prolonged selling
computer-guided fund
important support
national economy
other area
first quarter
next year
recent attempt
potential production
continued drop
two-year labor
potential strike
last week
little effect
metric ton
high point
other commodity
recent week
new purchase
new agreement
Colombian minister
economic development
Brazilian official
Colombian minister
new agreement
first half
next year
precious metal
modest change
light trading
last week
last week
weak dollar
precious metal
further advance
common share
corporate purpose
forest-products concern
composite trading
Western observer
Soviet union
whole process
free market
Western observer
good reason
communist society
political reform
last week
national security
Soviet expert
economic reform
Soviet leader
foreign visit
personal power
economic reform
economic change
recent event
social structure
individual labor
strict provision
free market
legal right
main source
second ban
central control
economic structure
economic thought
social situation
economic planning
economic reason
third way
economic benefit
political power
third way
final stage
parliamentary system
political right
planned economy
free market
economic management
joint stock
strong position
corporate development
own interest
same time
sufficient freedom
economic benefit
economic return
third arm
excessive control
economic position
private sector
more consumer
same time
important development
Soviet press
central task
political opposition
political leader
deputy director
new construction
new construction
small decline
total construction
entire year
low mortgage
vice president
chief economist
high level
residential work
third quarter
renewed home
industrial construction
large project
institutional building
third quarter
fiscal year
monthly construction
long-term debt
aggressive merchant
leveraged takeover
Swiss debt
major credit
several month
commercial paper
Swiss debt
long-term debt
full range
last month
lucrative client
high-risk junk
special security
leveraged client
high-risk junk
aggressive merchant
current merchant
aggressive firm
significant portion
recent year
uncertain environment
continued problem
substantial portion
total merchant
several month
executive officer
financial information
retail security
other system
financial information
major security
related revenue
various job
immediate plan
financial datum
big customer
last week
financial-services business
past summer
final year
national interest
sharp decline
last year
final rating
due today
short series
prime-time show
fourth game
fourth game
extra revenue
next season
four-year television
first year
other industry
last year
same area
next night
intense focus
third game
light trading
last week
more news
slow economy
major currency
British pound
major brokerage
recent firm
stock-index arbitrage
own account
late yesterday
major step
stock-index arbitrage
economic report
good indicator
broad economy
major market
light trading
broad market
30-year bond
British pound
last week
Japanese company
last spring
several day
international transaction
standard equipment
Japanese corporation
own software
main office
American office
first half
year-earlier period
combined PC
competitive pressure
Japanese company
many people
Japanese office
Japanese company
wide range
heavy industry
tough market
certain technology
past year
big share
long way
main bureaucracy
American PC
annual growth
European sale
Japanese sale
Japanese office
European counterpart
Japanese office
American office
many task
broad network
other machine
large office
same PC
Japanese operation
American counterpart
little analysis
American company
small reason
economic force
old worker
sophisticated machinery
vice president
American employee
private space
Japanese executive
personal relationship
integrated computer
Japanese language
huge memory
necessary technology
average PC
complex language
only reason
past decade
Japanese PC
little competition
basic design
small company
common standard
competitive ally
big player
close ty
Japanese manufacturer
most rival
such machine
many analyst
high price
possible violation
great emphasis
American company
several project
public school
current level
private sector
major company
major cosmetic
central computer
separate office
certain task
new manager
more computer
new business
legal challenge
last year
retail PC
Japanese company
large portion
future growth
cheap PC
expensive promotion
small maker
much sale
new machine
Japanese market
Japanese company
American company
other good
American share
formal trade
Japanese computer
open market
international operation
major effort
more machine
only nation
retail center
little presence
little effort
Japanese mainframe
first PC
Chinese character
American company
Japanese president
European operation
last year
first machine
American product
enormous business
French abortion
clinical part
Swedish trial
many woman
common side
long-term effect
scientific datum
last month
sure source
pharmaceutical industry
very question
technical advance
new drug
new drug
nonprofit organization
joint subsidiary
pharmaceutical company
French government
French market
pharmaceutical industry
general level
black market
initial visit
second trip
third trip
Many woman
pro-choice member
next year
federal government
first time
private-sector drug
first generation
clinical test
major part
first quarter
net export
professional service
traditional merchandise
raw material
foreign investment
major area
foreign student
professional firm
German client
more export
more import
net result
other trade
net export
first quarter
recent strength
small trade
vice president
labor-management buy-out
top talent
main reason
composite trading
new bid
new bid
public outcry
computer-driven program
stock-index arbitrage
own account
individual investor
listed company
senior partner
computer-driven trading
Many investor
wild swing
190-point plunge
specified stock
congressional regulator
broad number
program-trading outcry
new level
listed company
unprecedented alliance
large security
stock-index arbitrage
such trade
recent day
big security
stock-index arbitrage
such trading
own account
main firm
regulatory control
tough margin
financial future
excess market
such trade
effective control
stock-index arbitrage
large amount
stock-index future
short-term swing
volatile market
large firm
last week
own account
special meeting
executive officer
senior manager
index-arbitrage trading
last week
negative impact
institutional investor
own account
monthly average
index-arbitrage trading
overall program
own account
chief executive
chief executive
aggressive use
other market
many phone
major business
current debate
excess market
particular computer
large portfolio
other kind
stock-index arbitrage
annual meeting
last night
public outcry
stock-index arbitrage
fiscal year
stock-index arbitrage
European firm
index-arbitrage business
institutional investor
mutual-fund company
other institution
program-trading issue
regulatory problem
mutual fund
national brokerage
index-arbitrage trading
mutual fund
vice president
valid investment
stock-index future
many phone
own account
such trading
own account
short order
original owner
good condition
Mexican college
routine police
high price
new acquisition
executive director
normal term
low financing
new offer
high court
next spring
corporate pension
federal pension
private-sector worker
high court
federal appeal
troubled pension
federal bankruptcy
new benefit
few month
new program
federal pension
old plan
new pension
new plan
federal pension
federal insurance
financial status
original plan
federal district
federal appeal
new benefit
old plan
financial status
last week
simple block
commercial air
good will
other ad
creative manager
good will
late evidence
past couple
big brokerage
sudden market
few week
extra message
ultimate form
executive officer
last week
national advertising
recent earthquake
new account
high court
several drug
significant impact
several level
immediate effect
former manufacturer
other problem
other state
other state
tremendous influence
other state
small one
high court
other problem
past decade
many case
several company
certain woman
legal theory
high court
legal defense
civil lawsuit
last year
military contractor
federal government
high court
federal appeal
federal official
high court
numerous business
federal district
other action
high court
vice president
federal charge
federal court
narrow election
strong challenge
economic reform
good issue
good program
high rate
public service
socialist government
prime minister
domestic product
annual average
foreign investment
year-earlier rate
indirect taxis
public service
Spanish model
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
military activity
Sandinista movement
certain investment
constant maturity
Spanish authority
such approval
other country
recent month
regulatory clearance
detailed record
main vehicle
first official
final regulation
other government
selected transaction
illegal drug
illegal drug
foreign bank
final regulation
other alternative
annual interest
new issue
low interest
adverse development
substantial equity
major loss
recent year
other business
major question
enough equity
large chunk
long-term debt
major restructuring
common stock
new debt
late year
financial health
joint marketing
over-the-counter market
composite index
consecutive session
financial issue
computer-guided program
other finance
financial issue
financial index
vice president
many portfolio
annual performance
next month
individual investor
last minute
many market
current debate
recent volatility
computerized trading
small investor
definitive agreement
financial adviser
active list
British car
joint venture
regulatory clearance
third-quarter charge
planned restaurant
net loss
third-quarter loss
year-earlier quarter
third quarter
loan-loss reserve
fourth quarter
senior management
separate unit
loan-loss reserve
medical scientist
recent month
new strategy
future cancer
first time
healthy individual
new class
long work
early 1980s
recent month
other copy
genetic test
new age
damaged gene
more risk
other child
rare cancer
recent month
basic research
last spring
other research
certain family
damaged copy
normal copy
normal copy
specific gene
damaged copy
critical role
scientific team
genetic material
second copy
exact area
first copy
first time
same gene
other cancer
big cancer
genetic damage
genetic damage
certain gene
second gene
common bit
genetic material
several year
normal cell
same spot
human cancer
damaged form
other cancer
certain family
damaged form
last week
same time
common cancer
pharmaceutical company
new cancer
healthy version
damaged gene
healthy version
important step
Many investor
much chance
fresh egg
alternative egg
easy egg
past month
top officer
institutional user
fresh egg
cheap share
Many analyst
disappointing earning
executive officer
fourth quarter
public announcement
last year
heavy investment
bottom line
short run
prospective competition
last week
over-the-counter trading
short seller
late yesterday
pretax profit
last spring
other outlet
Canadian newspaper
big player
forest-products company
late step
large design
integrated paper
weekly newspaper
outside help
key player
strategic move
annual sale
bottom line
bottom line
former employee
recent acquisition
dominant magazine
recent merger
annual sale
new subsidiary
real estate
major business
annual report
new acquisition
good deal
Canadian cent
Canadian cent
joint venture
French concern
first product
pharmaceutical concern
federal court
mandatory retirement
federal law
federal court
mandatory retirement
appellate division
other judge
alleged age
permanent injunction
regional attorney
two-year term
most state
federal judge
mandatory age
chief court
former judge
next month
next month
congressional leader
special unit
next month
congressional leader
independent strike
next year
other thing
congressional support
several partner
past year
assistant district
male defendant
many time
legal battle
legal document
five-year contract
last week
written contract
executive post
prior court
dual role
general manager
annual salary
hostile offer
last week
third-quarter profit
bottom line
first meeting
new settlement
adverse impact
current quarter
third quarter
global demand
short-term investment
total firm
fourth-quarter revenue
present period
successful product
second quarter
next year
real sense
primary reason
most company
composite trading
significant challenge
prime contractor
major supplier
military project
military work
significant loss
serious work
technical employee
day-to-day basis
three-year contract
first year
separate matter
Canadian regulator
Canadian dollar
natural gas
vast quantity
natural gas
other pipeline
rival application
natural gas
cubic foot
next stage
main rival
Canadian regulator
initial capacity
cubic foot
Canadian gas
last week
executive officer
joint venture
other player
Canadian regulator
natural gas
cubic foot
current dollar
current spot
chief executive
regulatory approval
alternative line
small pipeline
would-be pipeline
rival project
vice president
regulatory review
chief executive
joint proposal
tough stance
federal law
recent year
big commitment
certain neighborhood
current dispute
legal aid
black neighborhood
sufficient information
regulatory authority
second-largest bank
lucrative banking
composite trading
over-the-counter trading
such ground
new emphasis
own alternative
other option
next week
new plan
total scheme
little reason
different plan
same mark
new debt
other choice
major chunk
American route
next year
more flight
non-U.S. capital
general obligation
tax-exempt bond
taxable bond
tax-exempt bond
taxable bond
derivative mortgage
average life
commercial paper
final maturity
average life
final maturity
Australian dollar
less fee
less fee
Swiss franc
German insurance
French government
own interest
large insurance
broad market
French government
German company
internal barrier
French affair
French merchant
last year
French bank
French acquisition
financial community
strong bank
large number
good price
apparent increase
heavy trading
first day
large insurance
current holder
bad news
current management
regulatory official
full dividend
partial dividend
current bid
many holder
original equipment
definitive agreement
regulatory approval
Canadian unit
Canadian dollar
natural gas
foreign investment
major property
planned purchase
first oil
hard disk
portable computer
troubled disk
more memory
other disk
full volume
first quarter
next year
third quarter
internal investigation
senior official
independent home
direct delivery
other payment
new customer
fourth quarter
independent newspaper
direct home
third-quarter loss
net income
year-earlier quarter
many house
past spring
possible sale
great sense
vice president
net income
composite trading
renewed offer
closed-end fund
regular meeting
several month
federal court
other company
big rally
major shareholder
other director
fast food
last week
federal court
popular advertising
federal court
longstanding policy
well-known performer
punitive damage
last year
several suit
recent action
last year
same court
similar case
actual performance
old man
late decision
Dutch unit
combined operation
European venture
Finnish company
definitive loan
related cost
definitive agreement
strong yesterday
modest recovery
last week
vice president
tight trading
economic news
French franc
last week
British pound
foreign exchange
significant gain
economic program
British unit
easy solution
economic trouble
other member
British commitment
same time
British leader
British interest
high interest
volatile fashion
Japanese investor
direct investment
late trade
current delivery
estimated volume
early trading
financial service
total account
democratic freedom
new leader
Soviet leader
internal freedom
political power
communist official
pro-democracy protest
Soviet police
constitutional limit
Israeli radio
stiff sentence
political change
alleged attack
Contra rebel
first attempt
central step
federal law
American flag
Chinese official
many day
heavy damage
senior adviser
prime minister
many people
next month
metric ton
metric ton
German computer
good growth
selected area
beneficial effect
key product
structural change
other company
big paper
other paper
more security
stock-index arbitrage
own account
such trading
federal insurer
major liability
actual maker
huge debt
last year
top executive
sixth time
many year
labor-management buy-out
Japanese investment
third-quarter earning
continued strike
new construction
executive officer
per-share earning
annual growth
traditional figure
temporary slowdown
one-time rate
cellular operation
new engine
British unit
late yesterday
joint component
separate engine
British luxury
joint agreement
separate company
last hurdle
dominant maker
new company
new company
new company
commercial customer
net income
fourth quarter
early sign
first quarter
world-wide employment
quarterly loss
fiscal year
year-earlier profit
new product
substantial order
nine-month delay
planned asset
main market
own share
first time
subordinated note
subordinated debenture
convertible note
common share
convertible note
common share
Japanese company
big computer
last week
low bid
lucrative market
big market
long term
municipal government
large company
common sense
computerized system
other thing
other maker
initial project
lucrative contract
local government
few year
many company
substantial revenue
near future
big market
foreign company
Japanese practice
classic barrier
foreign competitor
only company
other bid
next year
daily flight
large airline
large population
new service
European city
domestic group
forest-products company
composite trading
big takeover
high-yield bond
entire takeover
big profit
big gain
same period
daily average
third quarter
negative earning
next year
good position
last year
strong demand
over-the-counter trading
definitive agreement
fiscal year
pretax profit
common share
several month
integrated circuit
electronic part
common share
composite trading
good time
naval officer
own air
own air
national security
same guy
own article
sixth time
many year
senior executive
chief executive
other business
chief executive
chief executive
vice president
top executive
modest profit
second quarter
limited freedom
possible sale
potential buyer
future plan
financial planning
longtime ally
more time
last year
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
additional post
executive officer
previous quarter
executive officer
chief executive
global power
early research
further research
vice president
many place
further research
long time
local farmer
little need
personal experience
prominent businessman
last year
large reduction
various form
more study
new use
other company
marginal crop
good crop
wrong time
hefty contribution
annual report
last page
next year
only place
large quantity
particular demand
few week
small crop
big buyer
other spot
serious effort
Many farmer
next year
metric ton
few year
York-based maker
previous sale
full membership
small business
recent trend
major claim
last increase
congressional hearing
big concern
small business
own bill
large company
own worker
medical bill
good rate
small business
individual worker
medical problem
stiff competition
good risk
first year
rapid rate
tough competition
bad risk
general practice
small group
large group
large base
social ground
small business
new law
great use
large group
small company
basic health
such requirement
healthy business
less incentive
small group
certain employee
back problem
major claim
previous month
annual inflation
past year
late rise
potential takeover
Dutch company
major business
related supply
weak result
composite trading
public company
other holder
additional share
major business
vice president
current account
French franc
recent strike
preliminary discussion
possible sale
more detail
definitive agreement
over-the-counter trading
economic development
many economist
local industry
communist nation
regional business
political trouble
same leader
early 1980s
foreign money
ultimate impact
more money
many people
such uncertainty
local investor
economic turmoil
significant slowdown
economic activity
few year
political economist
economic growth
local economy
annual rate
industrialized economy
domestic product
consecutive year
local stock
economic growth
current circumstance
official forecast
foreign income
early forecast
financial secretary
difficult period
Many factor
Japanese investor
last year
foreign investor
Japanese return
local investor
big export
economic growth
strong consumer
local economy
current rate
few economist
global force
local businessman
economic argument
previous year
last year
few year
large number
exact cost
big portion
economic growth
computer-driven program
institutional investor
public outcry
major security
stock-index arbitrage
own account
stock-index arbitrage
program-trading strategy
many investor
recent stock
stock-index fund
big program
stock-index arbitrage
other stock
own account
stock-index arbitrage
big fund
more customer
current debate
stock-index arbitrage
Stock-index fund
past decade
institutional investor
Many money
stock-index fund
active index
Stock-index fund
aggressive strategy
stock-index arbitrage
big block
stock-index future
190-point plunge
economic slowdown
corporate earning
recent weakness
many investor
institutional investor
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index arbitrage
own account
such trade
own account
stock-index arbitrage
recent month
stock-index arbitrage
regulatory action
program-trading reform
high margin
stock-index future
minimum amount
current rule
less cash
different rule
cheap trading
Stock-index arbitrage
stock-index arbitrage
first place
regulatory basis
many trend
late wave
many people
only hope
last week
decent job
social attitude
powerful wave
small town
executive producer
such attitude
local doctor
poor judge
various stage
preferred stock
new government
composite trading
preferred stock
core capital
final guideline
financial restructuring
third-quarter loss
net income
major factor
third-quarter loss
previous acquisition
third quarter
net interest
third quarter
Third-quarter loan
preferred stock
other security
subordinated capital
good mind
recent year
black ad
black opinion
black audience
direct mail
good chunk
black home
small world
black programming
tough competition
black advertising
next year
executive officer
future growth
Canadian gas
vice president
Canadian dollar
next summer
administrative cost
most retailer
other man
new campaign
national ad
young man
more woman
young customer
executive officer
British retailer
broad fashion
Italian suit
traditional man
conservative business
total sale
classic merchandise
retail consultant
global presence
traditional emphasis
British parent
big growth
second floor
new suit
upper body
next spring
common share
industrial material
administrative reason
composite trading
executive officer
hard time
British TV
last year
such TV
chief executive
overall responsibility
difficult decision
international move
British company
last month
further staff
late trading
rival bidder
Canadian dollar
pharmaceutical company
final decision
Canadian regulator
Canadian government
net benefit
additional information
last week
federal regulator
regulatory approval
enough share
common share
common share
last report
preferred stock
common stock
common stock
preferred stock
common share
tax-exempt bond
nuclear unit
suburban truck
federal judge
last week
personal bankruptcy
major creditor
back taxis
small creditor
most creditor
legal bill
present form
bitter dispute
other defendant
last year
alleged attempt
legal fee
actual damage
other defendant
last week
private session
many dollar
major creditor
negative vote
tentative agreement
financial service
similar business
major owner
substantial portion
estimated gain
high income
prior year
subordinated debenture
composite trading
after-tax cost
independent director
various information
different growth
future performance
composite trading
composite trading
last week
financial market
electronic network
financial news
environmental service
composite trading
federal agency
chief executive
vice president
new president
vice president
financial officer
federal court
unspecified damage
important value
foreign country
executive officer
additional post
executive officer
chief executive
previous sale
personal relationship
serious space
strange light
unusual speed
official explanation
own decision
American people
Soviet mail
conventional landing
obvious question
entire town
good seller
editorial writer
Dutch chemical
huge loss
early 1980s
new downturn
good shape
good balance
same period
industrial use
large presence
pharmaceutical company
major acquisition
American drug
third-quarter result
big test
next year
many analyst
major chemical
next year
per-share earning
volatile chemical
many rival
recent year
current slump
first half
severe downturn
such pricing
industrial use
high profit
big move
big producer
raw material
such task
high hope
such product
world-wide industry
strong profit
other benefit
moderate profit
regulatory approval
small operation
generic drug
strong growth
British government
top rate
good thing
intellectual issue
British politician
personal adviser
monetary policy
free-market economist
common currency
British case
close thing
marginal tax
fresh growth
monetary policy
international account
after-tax rate
attractive place
sudden capital
sudden trade
enough money
similar situation
rapid growth
high inflation
high interest
British experience
own explanation
real wage
structural bias
British experience
weak pound
golden mean
wrong currency
open market
British bank
high interest
political term
open announcement
strong voice
further downturn
monetary policy
late 1970s
pretax profit
last week
top post
several change
administrative duty
little time
more time
administrative work
joint visit
senior people
public relation
single focus
new system
several client
last week
last thing
long-term member
expensive move
financial executive
financial control
financial system
new headquarters
British accounting
grand jury
top executive
negative reaction
prospective client
present charge
adverse impact
joint venture
day-to-day role
vice president
creative partner
creative work
other agency
subordinated debenture
common share
financial filing
fourth quarter
comparable store
net loss
year-earlier loss
fourth quarter
unsuccessful bid
12-month performance
comparable store
new acquisition
net loss
net loss
existing debt
new acquisition
leveraged buy-out
financial filing
total debt
long-term debt
short-term debt
current portion
long-term debt
possible ownership
retail chain
retail property
British tobacco
first quarter
fiscal year
high price
last year
total revenue
previous asset
top dollar
small asset
executive officer
significant step
certain brand
overall share
big way
important contribution
strategic unit
net income
low result
major division
net income
last year
year-earlier result
fourth-quarter result
composite trading
late quarter
last year
commercial insurance
Third-quarter result
last year
former secretary
African politics
further step
international image
many organization
black opposition
political settlement
foreign government
own pace
other name
big sign
red flag
political life
political trial
political execution
clear indication
electric producer
new venture
last week
first time
significant increase
independent producer
bottom line
new generation
next decade
own role
new age
electrical power
independent producer
vice president
same time
European competitor
Japanese partner
other equipment
Asian market
antitrust concern
joint venture
current surge
new power
independent producer
new plant
new order
independent producer
sufficient capacity
near-term demand
independent producer
natural gas
nuclear power
nuclear plant
executive officer
commercial order
nuclear power
few week
big heat
right field
good team
good team
bad one
good baseball
last season
few grade
other side
total base
giant rally
valuable player
nice note
late news
last week
more series
major topic
general manager
last series
first year
free agency
free agency
big market
good talent
vice president
real world
stated time
friendly competition
new system
main problem
good quality
more responsibility
own work
new business
important government
other department
comparable proposal
competitive proposal
competitive advantage
own work
independent report
new generation
wholesale abuse
longstanding position
vice president
legal affair
good thing
immediate comment
recent agreement
second copy
disappointing sale
fair use
personal use
most people
personal use
past year
legal status
legislative action
new communication
legal status
appropriate balance
political decision
same time
Swiss business
modest banker
European company
late coup
temporary employment
general meeting
new company
Swiss franc
original investment
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
controlling stake
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
weak earning
rich asset
financial press
many analyst
hard time
financial consultant
enormous real-estate
European city
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
financial transaction
Swiss franc
hostile move
Swiss franc
Swiss metal
foreign competition
domestic cost
few year
major producer
new management
major boost
major producer
recent acquisition
white knight
bitter battle
strategic investment
corporate restructuring
real estate
regional telephone
major real-estate
financial analyst
tough challenge
financial analyst
internal transaction
small shareholder
main business
temporary help
real estate
real estate
corporate development
full line
second step
several division
last night
three-year life
last week
new meeting
commercial business
military business
new group
commercial division
further step
good return
tough environment
two-day meeting
sensitive good
communist country
several year
European country
Western security
special treatment
democratic rule
special treatment
further discussion
future meeting
positive way
further discussion
special case
rapid change
procedural step
specific decision
third quarter
various problem
next year
same time
year-earlier quarter
high end
high end
new manager
hard look
unspecified reserve
minimum amount
big loss
future quarter
European business
solid result
several quarter
slow growth
important business
huge problem
preferred stock
next year
world-wide economy
much revenue
next year
traditional computer
whole business
temporary condition
fundamental change
tremendous asset
near term
last year
fourth quarter
next year
next year
low target
next year
composite trading
chief economist
first road
last time
several month
long-term interest
good buy
many market
economic growth
next year
such change
retail account
mutual fund
well-known colleague
first time
chief economist
personal opinion
corporate profit
recent drop
wrong time
economic trend
monthly indicator
economic expansion
commercial version
new message
small client
new outlook
last year
rare show
decent call
new forecast
soft landing
last week
national product
annual rate
third quarter
fourth-quarter growth
other use
composite trading
financial officer
possible acquisition
common stock
additional payment
last week
low class
independent mind
British press
economic crisis
economic policy
real dispute
British pound
German mark
costly policy
other currency
monetary policy
top tax
costly effort
monetary policy
economic policy
monetary policy
grand scheme
European currency
British trade
high interest
political failure
top tax
British capital
current rate
British capital
financial circle
important government
low tax
real capital
high interest
monetary expansion
Western alliance
other member
German state
economic policy
executive officer
chief executive
personal spending
third quarter
personal spending
annual rate
monthly increase
same time
personal income
personal income
economic effect
sharp drop
economic expansion
third quarter
new statistic
Many economist
senior economist
other sector
third quarter
annual rate
personal income
durable good
after-tax income
late report
personal income
annual rate
metric ton
public debt
chief executive
five-year restructuring
senior executive
convertible debenture
next year
senior note
recent sale
financial officer
chief executive
positive cash
short-term bank
good part
next year
new bank
recent month
specified level
last week
third-quarter earning
few asset
future restructuring
new application
great interest
national defense
several quarter
narrow focus
strategic technology
such arrangement
past spring
same time
good opportunity
academic community
much time
hostile takeover
great state
environmental problem
numerous death
many citizen
similar criticism
medical waste
such initiative
more time
environmental movement
bad call
American people
different approach
free country
good manner
public safety
last year
net profit
annual report
strong performance
late 1970s
last year
net income
year-earlier net
strong result
average yield
last year
big problem
new unit
foreign intelligence
domestic market
big union
more pay
short hour
next year
three-year wage
major goal
last week
next century
present rate
global warming
local partner
next year
Western company
Soviet customer
convertible currency
Korean producer
important market
Korean company
clear violation
international trade
other news
Korean television
state-owned television
next year
Many program
national network
quarterly dividend
financial service
fiscal year
estimated loss
last year
five-year contract
top executive
such thing
outside counsel
legal document
past week
first thing
financial demand
financial arrangement
written contract
big role
last year
written contract
current business
last week
many month
new producer
various project
daily basis
negative impact
new merger
Japanese company
important segment
written contract
educational material
federal budget
previous year
good news
federal deficit
capital-gains taxis
Democratic leadership
capital-gains taxis
deficit-reduction bill
future year
few year
first time
public debt
large government
previous year
Federal revenue
quarterly dividend
main unit
financial problem
nuclear plant
nuclear facility
high cost
modest dividend
financial situation
first quarter
certain payment
foreign company
Japanese company
Japanese company
British conglomerate
new share
well-known maker
Japanese government
foreign criticism
Japanese investment
similar investment
Japanese view
special case
healthy company
Japanese company
foreign company
Japanese company
Japanese company
foreign company
fresh wave
foreign purchase
high stock
Japanese company
Japanese company
corporate attitude
Japanese company
few alternative
joint news
fine hour
recent year
new business
recent year
financial problem
Japanese factory
new plant
Japanese company
good investment
foreign concern
Japanese company
foreign client
other product
original equipment
other company
new product
most product
own factory
global entity
vice president
such risk
last month
pretax profit
first half
cellular agreement
rival suitor
huge debt
new company
cellular company
short term
cellular telephone
new term
special cash
previous term
cellular franchise
more debt
vice president
new company
cellular telephone
own offer
controlling interest
vice president
cellular company
institutional investor
extra protection
cellular company
outside party
long-term value
cellular company
new deal
many share
many industry
future earning
cellular operation
composite trading
over-the-counter trading
cellular company
new entity
potential customer
antitrust suit
brief statement
fair auction
public interest
potential customer
over-the-counter stock
controversial form
stock-index arbitrage
Stock-index arbitrage
computer-guided buying
stock-index future
500-stock index
daily volume
other segment
sharp price
individual investor
retail equity
past year
defensive measure
individual investor
other holder
low price
huge loss
big position
big risk
small investor
big stock
industrial average
industrial average
industrial average
main reason
individual investor
such investor
institutional investor
big technology
daily share
special dividend
little impact
preliminary discussion
possible acquisition
third-quarter earning
last year
soft sale
active trading
initial sell-off
overnight loss
central bank
further weakness
British pound
100-share index
current weakness
30-share index
active session
100-share index
new account
overseas selling
senior dealer
blue-chip stock
political implication
high volume
other dealer
blue-chip stock
recent brokerage
blue-chip issue
intraday low
active trading
sharp advance
early trading
first section
recent advance
real estate
heavy buy
first trading
sharp gain
natural result
real estate
fourth decline
other market
substantial buying
professional trader
square position
whole uncertainty
outside influence
wild swing
last week
small investor
cold foot
other market
major stock
last week
local currency
large opposition
former secretary
political right
military aid
Nicaraguan president
regional move
renewed attack
next month
bipartisan agreement
nationwide election
parliamentary majority
low house
public rally
communist leadership
free speech
official privilege
pro-democracy movement
free election
military construction
foreign base
Soviet official
new round
existing weapon
German machinery
sharp drop
foreign order
domestic order
foreign order
third quarter
domestic order
foreign order
recent cosmetic
other half
great experience
specific plan
likely change
more emphasis
aggressive pricing
other cosmetic
several time
most product
upscale cosmetic
chief executive
traditional cosmetic
extensive market
such product
old woman
gold line
old woman
financial advantage
small rival
next year
existing brand
small people
big advertiser
most maker
upscale cosmetic
national ad
promotional budget
dramatic change
several year
high quality
new product
enormous research
new product
future product
more emphasis
chief executive
most cosmetic
long war
secret intelligence
covert activity
covert action
past week
covert action
key intelligence
such matter
executive order
foreign leader
covert activity
covert act
covert action
such coup
Panamanian dictator
political critic
same time
covert operation
covert activity
secret operation
listed company
first time
corporate executive
unprecedented alliance
wild price
program-trading strategy
program-trading firm
former investment
financial community
many investor
last month
big price
powerful member
stock-index arbitrage
such trading
public debate
last week
overseas exchange
last week
own stock
big investor
single trade
new basket
organized campaign
big change
listed company
stock-index future
electronic trading
last year
monthly statistic
program-trading volume
additional support
chief executive
corporate pension
program-trading strategy
program-trading firm
last week
aggressive use
own broker
negative impact
last thing
last week
prime minister
financial community
national election
fourth term
high interest
heavy trade
other crisis
political liability
senior economist
prime minister
financial community
last week
British currency
German mark
weak economy
international economist
major trading
economic activity
little room
next election
economic improvement
economic ty
mixed signal
monetary arrangement
little reaction
prime minister
early membership
immediate concern
monetary policy
last week
good people
strong government
executive officer
more speed
more graphics
more memory
various household
recent study
much property
much income
medical bill
long-term care
separate report
high percentage
private insurer
nationwide government
own way
young man
political maturity
political analyst
young generation
recent opinion
conservative position
civil right
national survey
early 1970s
early 1980s
other age
late survey
open housing
racial ground
prospective buyer
similar age
young man
early year
Soviet policy
good judgment
Soviet official
American official
very week
Soviet population
economic reform
independent candidate
Russian government
Russian society
public relation
political leader
public relation
Soviet society
Western culture
preliminary approval
money-market deposit
less interest
valid claim
valuable bank
outside figure
monetary policy
green light
cautious man
economic statistic
potential problem
more datum
public announcement
ample credit
public statement
much credit
financial market
last week
important statement
central bank
modest step
small amount
federal fund
previous week
key role
next year
last week
cautious approach
next month
major problem
good rating
new recession
next year
open target
such proposal
initial offering
common share
senior note
initial offering
common stock
initial offering
common share
industrial product
antitrust case
federal appeal
other thing
last resort
most patent
such case
complex dispute
senior status
few year
several organization
former patent
general counsel
other lawyer
good lawyer
complex patent
medical device
certain circumstance
medical device
former patent
full court
judicial legislation
public interest
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
financial instrument
financial statement
fiscal year
few month
chief executive
former chairman
chief executive
first time
complete control
great investment
year-earlier period
early 1980s
senior banker
severe cost
last year
minor player
computer-driven program
controversial business
last week
big investor
recent month
vice president
full control
leveraged buy-out
good relationship
first time
actual deal
new head
lead business
typical fashion
individual investor
small company
aggressive use
corporate finance
corporate finance
tough competitor
long history
personal venture
many time
real leader
major addition
Japanese contractor
Philippine company
Philippine government
raw material
major step
foreign investment
other investment
heavy industry
last moment
original site
last month
raw material
original site
other investor
major partner
other investor
new issue
last week
closed-end management
over-the-counter system
closed-end management
political union
line-item veto
individual item
big spending
entire bill
entire relationship
line-item veto
such authority
line-item veto
last week
line-item veto
little interest
political earthquake
senior member
senior adviser
further fight
capital-gains tax
line-item veto
next year
other aide
line-item veto
last week
conservative activist
line-item veto
long way
line-item veto
line-item veto
major issue
low level
line-item veto
line-item veto
legislative business
line-item veto
chief executive
federal fund
line-item veto
line-item veto
big chunk
line-item veto
informal conference
official bill
many spending
first place
line-item veto
very attempt
much interest
Republican lawmaker
line-item veto
conservative view
much power
single person
line-item veto
Democratic president
expanded power
current market
long-term outlook
current share
composite trading
main problem
modern facility
next year
large plant
next year
ambitious plan
future construction
initial cost
new product
additional capacity
new facility
large construction
general contractor
recent week
first official
current market
executive officer
full year
last year
third-quarter earning
one-time charge
late quarter
certain asset
competitive reason
non-U.S. capital
subordinated debenture
common stock
senior note
10-year note
full fee
appropriate action
separate way
single event
quarterly loss
year-earlier period
state-owned bank
new activity
new chairman
large bank
tough restructuring
first step
industrial holding
financial service
Spanish stock
commercial competitor
retail banking
financial service
prime partner
foreign bank
financial barrier
potential suitor
Spanish export
same time
traditional export
sharp decline
economic growth
traditional business
wholesale banking
foreign currency
heavy competition
new area
first year
subordinated debt
small investor
retail service
domestic branch
last year
medium-sized company
profitable market
tough task
foreign market
retail activity
last bank
Spanish stock
sweeping change
late start
foreign competition
international network
Spanish stock
general counsel
outside law
general counsel
legal department
local counsel
legal staff
more work
extensive trial
technical staff
future litigation
legal problem
good chance
good cost
large firm
small firm
legal staff
federal prosecutor
criminal case
new study
few trial
possible explanation
different priority
criminal case
civil side
same period
academic expert
raw datum
further inquiry
federal court
other thing
real estate
federal court
federal court
other violation
numerous trip
early 1980s
federal judge
constitutional right
fair trial
legal aid
alternative program
legal service
administrative burden
possible failure
mandatory plan
consolidated firm
illegal act
criminal charge
false claim
federal court
open letter
automotive report
soft sale
large dealer
tentative settlement
electric company
federal prosecutor
past year
grand jury
federal income
grand jury
certain utility
political contribution
federal prosecutor
guilty plea
federal prosecutor
further development
grand jury
executive officer
political contribution
current inquiry
considerable attention
several event
grand jury
grand jury
numerous question
vice president
internal audit
political cause
political contribution
advisory panel
sharp critic
open discussion
public action
full payment
environmental recovery
fourth quarter
personal computer
vice president
corporate service
other company
next month
next year
significant improvement
economic policy
broad measure
current account
current account
next year
other group
continued strength
last year
past year
next time
insured mortgage
last year
military construction
military construction
military construction
next year
military construction
many year
other leader
American nation
other bank
important step
significant reduction
additional fund
new cash
unusual bill
federal debt
three-month bill
six-month bill
preferred share
common share
definitive purchase
regulatory agency
second quarter
net income
second quarter
actual head
seasonal adjustment
overall job
last month
unusual event
other report
agricultural price
next month
seasonal swing
same time
seasonal adjustment
past couple
financial economist
economic datum
last month
financial economist
next month
large money
high stock
close eye
retail figure
general buying
seasonal factor
new machinery
good rate
sluggish sale
new car
fourth-quarter demand
automotive industry
year-earlier level
domestic machine
last month
complex machine
most metal
overall demand
vice president
large machine
long term
monthly average
good year
automotive program
big order
vice president
world-wide sale
recent meeting
annual rate
last spring
recent development
European country
foreign producer
other machine
last month
other machinery
costly machine
few order
last month
Indian capital
new issue
Indian stock
potential investor
large amount
small firm
former chairman
mutual fund
Indian stock
five-year high
last stock
fiscal year
big issue
convertible debenture
Indian history
giant issue
convertible debenture
popular instrument
many company
socialist policy
new steel
industrial concern
industrial unit
new rule
domestic market
new issue
more capital
industrial unit
cheap source
second factor
general election
many businessman
convertible debenture
similar success
small issue
giant issue
big issue
many investor
new issue
secondary market
Indian capital
clear rule
large amount
dangerous aspect
big question
much money
most investor
Indian press
big offering
new owner
local market
public issue
Indian history
annual sale
large engineering
other company
specific project
specific project
large amount
small bankruptcy
longstanding regulation
retail concern
Australian dollar
chief executive
state-owned airline
global airline
national carrier
similar alliance
last month
next month
current market
same amount
early clearance
British luxury
antitrust regulator
late trading
active issue
over-the-counter trading
potential bidding
British government
single shareholder
British government
golden share
golden share
friendly alliance
other hand
last week
special shareholder
full bidding
full bid
joint manufacturing
golden share
crucial talk
major engine
big trouble
last word
unsuccessful struggle
several network
real people
only network
new show
corporate parent
one-hour program
several season
executive producer
prime-time news
big name
last man
good theater
proper direction
long news
former wife
executive producer
numerous telephone
good interest
former wife
political mind
good job
large advertising
Japanese market
overseas expansion
last year
joint network
few month
Australian agency
Australian dollar
giant marketing
international expansion
Japanese client
effective method
last year
foreign business
near future
big step
British marketing
concrete acquisition
international growth
special team
international market
net income
last year
second-largest ad
other industry
foreign market
necessary course
Japanese agency
Japanese agency
rival client
same industry
Western conflict
chief executive
foreign company
Japanese advertising
foreign client
many client
Japanese company
different business
Japanese company
same kind
Swiss chemical
annual sale
related product
definitive agreement
regulatory approval
substantial business
comprehensive disease
new series
last week
Canadian dollar
preferred share
short-term debt
vice president
preferred share
annual dividend
30-day banker
other buyer
portable computer
personal computer
hard disk
such feature
direct competitor
industrial market
several year
portable datum
portable machine
first part
personal computer
hard drive
hard disk
hard disk
foreign brokerage
current rule
overseas stock
mutual fund
foreign investment
new rule
foreign stock
individual investor
domestic stock
attractive market
good growth
other region
new report
general merchandise
year-earlier level
late month
regional trend
metropolitan market
regional report
big impact
retail market
weak link
slow sale
durable good
residential area
same thing
federal government
next year
new facility
other chemical
electronic device
special meeting
corporate secretary
executive officer
own team
net income
first half
previous year
first half
executive officer
additional post
executive committee
third quarter
year-earlier pace
late quarter
year-earlier period
late period
year-earlier period
current stock
leveraged transaction
total value
preferred stock
preferred stock
preferred stock
financial adviser
insured loss
public building
estimated earthquake
last month
last week
other insurance
next year
small percentage
many insurer
major disaster
vice president
big loss
recent year
hefty rate
big buyer
Many company
few week
large insurer
own program
few year
large home
net worth
few insurer
clear picture
fourth-quarter earning
after-tax charge
fourth-quarter net
after-tax charge
net income
first half
electric part
total sale
electronic equipment
current year
fiscal year
subordinated debenture
principal amount
common stock
special meeting
same time
common share
common share
common share
Canadian dollar
common share
certain merger
other transaction
common share
grand jury
certain report
composite trading
more share
certain director
subordinated debenture
subordinated debenture
leveraged buy-out
institutional debt
subordinated debt
specific term
final agreement
new debenture
controlling interest
leveraged buy-out
Contra rebel
military aid
financial support
bipartisan agreement
military aid
few lawmaker
next month
quick action
Nicaraguan leader
military aid
military aid
military action
Contra aid
military attack
fair election
military emergency
vice president
corporate counsel
several year
regulatory statement
pretax profit
first half
net income
adverse effect
personal spending
strong growth
total sale
late year
strong gain
Pretax profit
net income
definitive agreement
cubic foot
natural gas
international area
cubic foot
extraordinary gain
fourth quarter
specific estimate
net income
first half
electrical device
electronic product
total sale
electrical device
fiscal year
net income
special committee
common share
several condition
related fee
federal court
convertible debenture
common share
over-the-counter trading
other item
executive officer
promotional ad
net income
first half
big growth
fiscal year
full-year net
late year
chief oil
longtime observer
next decade
natural gas
new president
natural gas
such application
own executive
bitter power
longtime floor
vice president
vice president
vice president
general counsel
senior officer
financial product
new product
natural gas
good delivery
natural gas
natural gas
educational effort
natural gas
successful contract
crude oil
large future
recent interview
big problem
Federal authority
small number
large commodity
considerable criticism
busy oil
personal business
last year
natural gas
various aspect
more exchange
such effort
electronic device
major electronics
normal trading
preliminary step
electronic system
common system
electronic trading
technical support
much difficulty
industrial metal
strong price
precious metal
most trader
last week
financial market
good support
last week
weekly basis
last week
precious metal
first time
light investor
more purchase
recent week
downward pressure
traditional fall
metric ton
physical delivery
tentative contract
three-year contract
first year
vice chairman
final round
healthy economy
weak dollar
big paper
good time
raw material
metric ton
past spring
Third-quarter profit
several company
good utility
other analyst
foreign currency
prolonged slump
last week
most company
further price
other paper
principal commodity
next year
cyclical downturn
other analyst
main product
sharp price
next year
major paper
major capacity
long-term debt
next year
next year
metric ton
big tissue
fourth quarter
extraordinary item
effective interest
combined effect
next year
late restructuring
affected bank
subordinated debt
Dutch utility
Dutch unit
electrical engineering
significant portion
Dutch utility
net income
fiscal year
previous year
automotive writer
anticipated earning
next decade
overseas vehicle
last year
equal export
substantial increase
overseas manufacturing
specific detail
third quarter
after-tax gain
third quarter
possible sale
potential payment
additional proceed
municipal bond
tough time
good customer
commercial bank
municipal bond
last week
institutional seller
new bid
would-be seller
most dealer
such level
vice president
municipal bond
institutional buyer
federal tax
taxable investment
current yield
past summer
municipal bond
local government
municipal bond
good value
institutional investor
institutional selling
several factor
big bank
heavy charge
tax-exempt income
recent week
municipal bond
fundamental factor
many state
local government
huge spending
natural disaster
other city
new issue
vice president
recent selling
positive sign
mutual fund
municipal bond
new issue
municipal bond
municipal bond
mutual fund
such bond
tax-exempt bond
taxable bond
few week
straight week
financial health
political uncertainty
mayoral election
other name
vice president
municipal price
Japanese investor
large amount
long-term bond
30-year bond
new security
six-month sale
weekly sale
six-month bill
Japanese brokerage
30-year bond
30-year bond
30-year bond
recent buying
subsequent selling
30-year bond
electronic system
potential investor
other market
high-quality asset
high price
high-yield research
subordinated discount
other junk
defensive investor
last week
major issue
average life
second part
new program
monthly premium
next year
next year
next year
exact number
net loss
military contract
other defense
such contract
recent year
annual sale
further comment
common share
Canadian dollar
fourth-quarter loss
Canadian cent
net income
Canadian cent
Canadian cent
last year
chief executive
potential term
planned bid
other thing
fast food
joint venture
more security
institutional investor
stock-index arbitrage
own account
stock-index fund
big program
personal spending
small gain
personal income
new machinery
healthy rate
weak car
future demand
third party
broad investigation
past year
cellular phone
huge debt
new firm
rival suitor
third quarter
various problem
antitrust clearance
foreign takeover
Dutch firm
past century
American business
metric weight
metric term
metric system
military alliance
new weapon
next century
public relation
daily program
start-up goal
potential audience
enormous difficulty
educational programming
last spring
current event
much interest
last month
national advertiser
more advertiser
municipal offering
six-month bill
common share
common share
common share
common stock
common warrant
convertible debenture
common share
common share
common share
common share
common share
common share
various bond
insured bond
competitive bid
competitive bid
tax-exempt bond
taxable bond
common share
common share
strategic partnership
common share
open market
two-year option
net asset
listed market
Canadian dollar
new low
new high
leveraged buy-out
entire stock
fundamental change
few month
good judgment
healthy stock
good place
chief market
small deal
overall market
only way
big deal
leveraged buy-out
leveraged buy-out
only thing
strategic deal
computer-driven trading
long-term investor
short-term player
good decision
attractive price
recent drop
economic datum
economic number
current level
bottom line
new high
new high
economic outlook
current level
economic activity
fair value
legislative change
future deal
only problem
economic outlook
other thing
Third-quarter earning
economic datum
fourth quarter
corporate profit
consecutive day
sluggish economy
active trading
composite trading
ongoing speculation
several industry
precious metal
wide margin
consecutive session
gold mining
third-quarter loss
important technology
quarterly report
common stock
several month
big chunk
executive director
regulatory standard
recent test
failed engine
old process
such test
similar period
important piece
recent time
substantial warming
global warming
past century
last year
natural cause
substantial sign
vice president
vice president
final step
military construction
foreign base
overseas spending
military budget
foreign base
extra margin
individual state
Democratic chairman
military construction
simple voice
last week
Democratic leadership
excess spending
House-Senate conference
unusual number
unsuccessful effort
such language
last week
little support
environmental restriction
economic factor
black people
small farm
good school
academic degree
other part
fourth generation
same family
little access
good life
other area
many generation
big factory
public school
tough answer
potential employer
next time
old company
poor condition
same problem
only difference
free food
many family
new restructuring
few year
entire company
last week
third-quarter earning
additional charge
future quarter
regional office
main feature
new organization
local manager
sound operation
profitable oil
average yield
six-month CD
several month
high yield
same level
financial planner
municipal bond
high return
low rate
other holding
most sense
heavy tax
municipal bond
after-tax yield
federal income
local taxis
cautious CD
top credit
vice president
financial planner
mutual fund
reasonable option
next year
annual return
disappointing return
opposite direction
recent day
average maturity
total return
one-year return
same amount
same circumstance
average maturity
current yield
same tax
individual retirement
current rate
good idea
great deal
mutual fund
average maturity
next year
average CD
seven-day compound
new fund
mutual fund
Federal drug
British report
similar death
past year
own study
low blood
safe level
unexpected death
slight difference
British press
widespread concern
scientific evidence
similar statement
British report
complex problem
annual report
vice president
clinical trial
third quarter
new defense
five-year defense
real world
limited budget
uncertain future
national goal
five-year plan
actual appropriation
hard decision
strategic decision
recent vote
real goal
low budget
good way
high level
five-year plan
negative money
negative money
final budget
new budget
net effect
future year
low budget
national security
recent appropriation
sharp increase
future appropriation
current dollar
current level
total reduction
strategic planner
effective defense
net assessment
national security
good strategy
true cost
particular program
hard decision
other program
low budget
strategic review
strategic planner
strategic review
simple direction
possible force
net assessment
low budget
national security
moral reason
national interest
other word
separate event
official policy
many currency
massive sell-off
near future
tough time
foreign-exchange adviser
near-term range
major currency
European trading
economic weakness
recent decline
foreign-exchange marketing
limited dollar
weak state
major currency
sharp dollar
senior currency
favorable development
critical condition
British interest
monetary policy
recent week
interest-rate boost
more risk
international bond
near-term loss
other analyst
annual rate
current account
next year
international economist
monetary policy
strong buying
many trader
natural base
Japanese currency
recent week
Japanese investor
Japanese government
current delivery
high settlement
estimated volume
early trading
inner circle
Democratic leader
many meeting
antitrust regulator
common stock
general partnership
public offering
second group
late yesterday
net income
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
hostile suitor
federal district
final copy
several month
first mortgage
principal amount
financial community
financial institution
interest-rate future
long time
global stock
subsequent drive
interest-rate future
last week
detailed question
first quarter
next year
financial official
new contract
healthy future
financial center
local bank
new contract
executive director
would-be future
main contract
financial instrument
specified date
entire month
daily average
thin trading
recent test
Asian market
sharp drop
executive officer
financial institution
local subsidiary
big bank
new contract
major stake
American currency
few month
interest-rate risk
British brokerage
initial support
financial institution
individual investor
low margin
small investor
many banker
large paper
pretax profit
first half
domestic demand
pretax profit
net income
Per-share net
overall paper
first half
fiscal year
total sale
fiscal year
Pretax profit
net income
pretax profit
pretax profit
net income
Per-share net
general paper
other paper
fiscal year
Pretax profit
net income
strategic review
related marketing
strategic strength
German oil
national oil
after-tax gain
gross reserve
extensive development
considerable interest
prospective buyer
financial adviser
previous month
non-U.S. capital
senior note
noncallable issue
new issue
outstanding debt
new issue
lead underwriter
general obligation
full fee
equity-purchase warrant
French parent
Australian dollar
full fee
Australian dollar
first year
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
convertible note
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
convertible note
Swiss franc
Swiss parent
full fee
commercial paper
retail finance
second mortgage
residential property
average life
retail finance
noncallable issue
10-year note
next year
new line
optical product
second bank
own stock
current number
large bank
current account
annual rate
third quarter
second quarter
first quarter
current account
common share
over-the-counter trading
net income
third quarter
third-quarter result
fiscal year
year-ago quarter
second quarter
net exchange
several bank
French metal
several month
unspecified condition
first quarter
main measure
urban household
urban household
last month
urban household
main factor
previous month
high price
French authority
second-largest bank
French investment
first step
French franc
same price
pretax profit
first half
domestic demand
overseas construction
overall sale
electric machine
major user
monthly rise
current month
German state
Philippine government
Philippine company
metric ton
retail store
monthly increase
retail sale
major department
continued expansion
adverse effect
Canadian dollar
international investor
last week
global market
recent market
European exchange
blue-chip issue
major country
past week
institutional money
European exchange
European stock
large block
blue-chip company
last week
other trader
small investor
bad decline
German stock
blue-chip stock
such giant
European trading
big buy
big institution
German share
French share
domestic stock
affected market
European stock
global stock
estimated value
estimated world
small portion
local market
economic restructuring
single market
European stock
European stock
international brokerage
financial center
European giant
local brokerage
senior official
European stock
last week
potential loss
German stock
international equity
special meeting
new equipment
similar problem
many market
new system
last week
huge amount
right machine
Canadian steel
metric ton
previous week
federal agency
common share
common share
late announcement
specific number
composite trading
joint project
such plant
initial work
such food
public concern
social right
single pattern
local condition
British government
current form
national level
serious difference
British official
minimum standard
corporate decision
low wage
European industry
fundamental right
key provision
current version
social engineering
political solution
socialist government
long hour
uncertain oil
broad term
international oil
wild swing
future supply
sure thing
strong demand
personal budget
corporate planner
long-term forecast
deputy secretary
internal production
same time
mutual way
internal problem
more oil
large share
first quarter
next year
only company
new attitude
start-up cost
other field
several year
few year
past month
most oil
conservative budget
next year
short-term investment
first time
most oil
professional staff
new spot
most field
last year
straight month
first year
major setback
natural gas
last week
natural gas
good year
new career
more truck
alleged drug
criminal complaint
other man
internal investigation
vice president
possible sentence
rival offer
Australian dollar
corporate regulator
recent money
legitimate explanation
high return
risky investment
excess return
added risk
individual stock
great amount
added risk
great deal
great deal
new stock
diversified portfolio
recent month
last year
real one
few employee
many agent
last month
sophisticated computer
many delay
new law
actual expense
damaged car
last month
assistant state
high price
straight hour
recent study
major airline
consecutive hour
long hour
long hour
much choice
congressional bill
international trip
average cost
vice president
financial officer
chief accounting
capital-gains plan
capital-gains plan
good example
capital-gains tax
many case
low rate
monetary tax
low tax
important point
current law
capital-gains reduction
beneficial feature
two-year reduction
public interest
appropriate use
positive way
recent experience
capital-gains tax
common sense
large part
substantial part
current law
financial asset
capital-gains tax
structural weakness
low saving
weak capital
high capital
executive officer
vice president
video product
new company
additional capital
new company
financial risk
financial instrument
original proposal
many bank
such datum
initial proposal
specific letter
final rule
financial instrument
financial guarantee
more detail
financial instrument
financial instrument
outside party
other security
final rule
effective date
early proposal
new rule
financial statement
fiscal year
one-time charge
net loss
third quarter
other reason
high fee
commercial bank
loan-loss reserve
third quarter
third quarter
net income
executive officer
chief executive
current president
new position
vice chairman
effective today
genetic engineering
Japanese scientist
young child
scientific team
genetic engineering
executive officer
regional president
new post
eastern region
vice president
chief executive
foreign bank
vast resource
financial center
much attention
foreign bank
financial service
large economy
emotional element
original bank
financial center
chief reason
long period
Jewish financier
European operation
German banking
corporate financing
general manager
Swiss franc
European industry
limited resource
traditional ty
long history
private banking
institutional investor
minimum investment
German mark
German investment
rich parent
renewed attack
few people
real answer
wild swing
stock-index future
stock-index future
500-stock index
other exchange
stock-index future
conventional view
single market
liquid market
successful investor
stock-index future
high return
stock-index future
opposite trade
much liquidity
good thing
instant liquidity
stock-index future
volatile swing
few people
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index future
current outcry
few people
many friend
daily volume
last year
average value
average dollar
last year
Many investment
overall stock
specific stock
daily volume
last year
average value
average dollar
last year
Many investment
overall stock
specific stock
big block
little money
more power
single commodity
individual business
basic purpose
simple commodity
vice president
third-quarter report
common practice
actual stock
whole market
vice president
own basket
corporate earning
other hand
large airline
antitrust ground
state-owned airline
domestic carrier
French route
domestic airline
antitrust law
more choice
good flight
appellate court
federal law
appellate division
British car
antitrust clearance
last week
entire company
friendly deal
joint manufacturing
speculative investor
late trading
top auto
certain level
vice president
political pressure
Conservative government
golden share
individual holding
Conservative member
golden share
single share
single share
would-be suitor
anti-takeover barrier
big holder
big car
special shareholder
many shareholder
full bid
institutional investor
financial difficulty
golden share
British lawmaker
anti-takeover restriction
controversial plan
friendly suitor
golden share
pretax profit
main product
weak start
automotive industry
pretax profit
favorable sale
previous year
environmental view
public view
Republican state
entire nation
real story
advisory role
public safety
adverse impact
federal government
immediate future
foreign travel
two-day trip
failed coup
more damage
other analyst
American nation
Panamanian dictator
same time
sharp cut
tiny country
economic support
last year
economic condition
foreign debt
recent drop
other side
economic affair
more assistance
same reason
same amount
last year
high level
Nicaraguan leader
Nicaraguan government
recent day
electoral aid
Nicaraguan opposition
own initiative
illegal drug
important issue
few people
last report
costly show
low grade
more time
own word
tiny minority
tough time
high school
other word
social activity
free time
free time
next day
lucrative TV
national commission
key word
considerable opposition
real world
real world
first project
hot line
ambitious goal
high priority
intellectual interest
plastic film
over-the-counter trading
executive officer
last month
chief executive
general partner
vice president
public affair
vice president
public affair
environmental concern
much influence
same time
alternative fuel
natural gas
national oil
new money
future supply
state-owned energy
structural change
huge investment
environmental issue
special trip
environmental trend
clean fuel
sensitive area
vast reserve
such place
early 1980s
huge production
clean fuel
natural gas
free-market system
state-owned company
high inflation
many solution
economic trouble
widespread attention
late edition
Soviet source
small group
deputy chairman
Soviet government
economic reform
next stage
economic idea
current policy
political topic
controversial idea
cautious language
overnight solution
five-year plan
economic reform
several phase
Soviet consumer
key step
ideological restriction
state-owned enterprise
private sector
numerous type
joint venture
private property
such move
major obstacle
economic reform
financial crisis
next year
similar step
collective farm
new system
big difference
minimum wage
entire system
free-market price
wholesale trade
retail trade
wholesale price
raw material
small number
key product
free price
social benefit
foreign trade
Soviet company
few obstacle
hard currency
great incentive
second currency
Western currency
foreign exchange
economic institution
sweeping plan
wholesale trade
recent day
many sport
real game
dramatic moment
third game
long summer
last game
second game
old baseball
different direction
subsequent year
third base
same question
whole thing
few ty
recent year
good feeling
real sport
weekly newspaper
whole company
large newspaper
Canadian dollar
annual loss
most analyst
third-quarter earning
year-ago quarter
future investment
other area
possible bidder
vice chairman
close look
maximum profit
last year
joint venture
other area
daily newspaper
net income
third quarter
year-earlier quarter
high financing
joint venture
possible sale
year-earlier period
modest salary
political issue
real estate
private land
Korean family
own home
many people
past year
partial land
last week
real estate
large city
small city
rural area
excessive profit
more land
ordinary people
low limit
large home
private property
big company
huge amount
corporate use
huge profit
first half
large business
real estate
real estate
financial institution
real estate
total asset
financial position
future earning
over-the-counter trading
private lawsuit
first suit
federal government
such facility
federal district
private suit
concrete action
Colombian politics
major part
last week
Colombian medium
free world
only way
American people
moral structure
American attack
tremendous problem
few block
major drug
joint effort
military authority
powerful communication
large number
sophisticated weapon
public opinion
other hand
key drug
large portion
Colombian economy
real estate
serious problem
own home
expensive car
financial institution
financial institution
Colombian economy
high price
legitimate product
low level
low price
next year
Colombian export
American market
open market
more drug
municipal union
next year
little idea
black man
political program
public life
longtime ally
fiscal crisis
such policy
commercial building
primary victory
Republican opponent
former crime
black activist
Jewish voter
renewed effort
fiscal year
more money
financial future
broad range
former aide
bad word
last summer
white voter
few week
full week
numerous campaign
black activist
white voter
black candidate
Jewish voter
Jewish cause
quick start
urban leader
deputy mayor
other city
other thing
longtime medium
wide margin
most account
crucial budget
private office
controversial proposal
controversial real-estate
other member
many meeting
mayoral effort
primary campaign
Democratic candidate
important issue
public employee
wrong tone
environmental group
public statement
financial community
local labor
many expert
aggressive approach
significant support
economic development
inner circle
key man
presidential campaign
tough time
active role
close ally
economic advice
significant responsibility
deputy mayor
mayoral candidate
former school
real influence
black politics
political community
former law
possible mayor
political apple
political system
sufficient number
Democratic city
many year
public life
good will
many voter
bottom line
decent guy
Jewish community
last week
major insurer
cellular telephone
clear site
future construction
enough information
several friend
few year
own home
minor damage
human level
other insurer
most company
last month
last week
senior claim
additional training
commercial airline
portable computer
cellular phone
total value
square foot
such job
major region
next day
new home
same neighborhood
other insurer
minor claim
commercial property
new line
next day
previous day
great idea
second meeting
second floor
own insurance
hot water
different job
fresh water
long-distance market
good news
last job
open question
cautious man
political pressure
few month
specific action
special discount
big customer
possible ground
different discount
similar discount
other phone
vice president
new rule
next year
long-distance business
federal court
federal district
top executive
mutual fund
last week
total asset
big junk
major fund
negative publicity
recent decline
junk-bond price
such selling
high-yield junk
corporate credit
mutual fund
mutual fund
mutual fund
junk-bond market
recent year
mutual fund
large holder
high-risk market
mutual fund
other fund
last week
last month
vice president
net sale
vice president
little change
vice president
fat interest
high-yield fund
total return
total return
Many fund
recent week
low price
chief investment
British economy
other currency
many analyst
economic policy
general feeling
economic adviser
foreign-exchange operation
wrong way
few analyst
near-term prospect
economic policy
foreign minister
volatile trade
economic policy
similar view
chief economist
sharp decline
economic policy
high interest
long-term impact
economic adviser
second time
preliminary report
national product
annual rate
third quarter
annual rate
second quarter
current delivery
heavy trading
estimated volume
early trading
common share
common share
initial offering
common share
public offering
common share
public offering
common share
good senator
only way
covert action
last week
executive order
last week
presidential power
foreign policy
foreign policy
most senator
other idea
great power
covert proposal
covert operation
bipartisan majority
foreign policy
bipartisan support
specific action
specific operation
modern senator
covert action
political risk
military power
political system
foreign policy
many abuse
executive power
national security
only people
American will
next time
rural area
many year
heavy traffic
many opportunity
many people
healthy economy
metropolitan area
young child
bitter critic
Finnish government
major shipyard
Finnish shipyard
failed shipyard
international reputation
next month
second ship
first ship
third ship
international bank
big loss
competitive strength
Finnish company
Finnish company
formal state
great difficulty
financial market
previous government
major part
sweeping restructuring
troubled shipyard
potential loss
last year
last minute
big bank
cold foot
financial condition
financial exposure
concrete result
potential loss
extraordinary loss
fourth quarter
early retirement
long-term debt
preferred stock
net loss
long-term debt
outstanding class
preferred stock
subordinated debenture
liquid yield
common stock
subordinated note
principal amount
composite trading
slow sale
slow sale
last week
economic government
more uncertainty
financial market
last thing
chief economist
economic adviser
British economy
annual inflation
economic growth
next year
financial market
100-share index
chief economist
only question
corporate earning
chief executive
leveraged buy-out
financial district
strong sense
bad news
chief investment
few year
financial district
many people
European company
American company
industrial buyer
reasonable price
enough business
big money
last summer
10-year career
great deal
national television
troubled company
continued support
financial commitment
new weapon
white-collar defendant
legal bill
federal prosecutor
former chairman
legal fee
high court
federal law
broad authority
short run
long run
criminal defense
possible fee
grand jury
legal fee
illegal activity
legal reason
last month
civil suit
federal court
financial fraud
three-year period
civil suit
financial statement
huge profit
illegal profit
criminal defense
fair trial
good defense
criminal case
such market
financial circumstance
many stock
extra risk
additional selling
many study
real good
additional time
more order
would-be seller
appropriate institution
foreign exchange
foreign-exchange market
similar responsibility
major market
last resort
indirect role
open market
such support
entire economy
daily trading
foreign exchange
daily volume
combined value
daily equity
over-the-counter market
typical day
direct action
sharp increase
particular level
individual stock
central bank
broad market
derivative market
primary market
foreign exchange
such difficulty
leveraged buy-out
financial sector
leveraged transaction
central bank
leveraged deal
such transaction
clear policy
such transaction
other comment
corporate direction
similar result
less cost
powerful computer
several computer
most computer
average user
most computer
next year
last week
wrong answer
big computer
normal part
advanced system
last week
next year
over-the-counter trading
composite trading
third-quarter earning
low end
next week
rare circumstance
typical application
long product
major problem
personal computer
next generation
several year
real strength
long series
personal computer
large part
previous model
personal computer
many maker
next year
big computer
big impact
personal computer
few year
joint venture
second-largest steelmaker
sophisticated equipment
several year
other element
entire division
joint venture
small part
first time
foreign partner
major competitor
foreign company
old facility
new one
right direction
international steel
broad relationship
new market
little choice
European steelmaker
Korean industry
next fall
second quarter
junk-bond market
third-quarter loss
profitable investment
capital-gains tax
much talk
long-term investment
financial sector
short term
long term
huge loss
large part
long-term investment
existing structure
regulatory agency
last resort
healthy thrift
junk-bond market
senior management
several year
Japanese company
high office
major company
huge operation
deputy mayor
economic development
large company
vice president
economic development
real estate
new headquarters
existing office
recent year
square foot
square foot
Canadian production
metric ton
metric ton
open market
other product
large producer
metric ton
metric ton
leveraged buy-out
executive officer
chief executive
few day
low earning
real estate
large holder
several member
more offer
congressional tax
other suitor
new board
good position
minimum margin
leveraged buy-out
own weight
mutual fund
large part
last year
financial position
large trader
next week
sweeping legislation
many provision
important part
complex bill
wide range
disciplinary procedure
minor rule
punitive damage
civil lawsuit
Many aspect
strong measure
other future
other aspect
general public
prominent feature
only system
large exchange
key consideration
financial market
foreign market
low cost
similar contract
long-term growth
many provision
foreign market
other provision
international position
punitive damage
financial exposure
federal security
similar circumstance
retail public
private individual
independent floor
punitive damage
many commodity
small firm
longstanding business
other word
affected practice
public customer
only way
good execution
dual trading
own account
other trading
proper regulation
potential value
regulatory alternative
initial claim
previous week
previous week
federal benefit
rich detail
own career
successful son
bad end
Western reader
Western reader
unfair world
late work
Arab world
poor person
great difficulty
only government
social reform
common share
personal computer
substantial loss
over-the-counter trading
common share
detailed plan
other shareholder
vice president
tentative agreement
tentative agreement
congressional hearing
same kind
Republican consultant
other agency
special provision
cold light
such item
urban datum
other detail
first user
current program
comprehensive program
comprehensive program
international effort
same program
more resource
own supply
criminal network
only way
criminal incentive
different way
next time
annual rate
third quarter
same pace
second quarter
bad trade
personal spending
main force
few year
foreign trade
economic growth
solid growth
chief economist
second quarter
many analyst
fourth quarter
high price
last month
Many economist
third quarter
sharp reduction
bright spot
national product
quarterly change
annual rate
third quarter
economic affair
third-quarter rate
second quarter
quarterly inflation
next month
solid growth
fourth quarter
good news
annual rate
third quarter
second quarter
net export
vice president
major trading
annual rate
third quarter
second quarter
annual rate
financial economist
economic activity
personal income
seasonal factor
major component
national product
annual rate
third quarter
previous quarter
additional equipment
prime contractor
Canadian dollar
preferred share
short-term debt
large department
ordinary share
additional share
ordinary share
ordinary share
preferred share
special shareholder
financial officer
preferred share
small company
last year
military datum
first half
small defense
large contractor
enough base
big drop
military market
many company
first response
commercial field
technical service
annual earning
first half
military technology
last year
scientific analysis
military business
steady growth
first half
new strategy
current effort
old part
new part
prime contractor
few people
new world
commercial product
commercial market
small company
exclusive right
potential customer
military market
military equipment
commercial venture
plastic food
new process
chief executive
troubled subsidiary
last year
first acquisition
steady growth
first quarter
low profit
more focus
few bidding
controlling shareholder
dramatic example
first quarter
quarterly loss
Japanese investor
foreign company
last month
major shareholder
weekly magazine
double accounting
private document
own judgment
different reputation
small company
legal limit
last month
Australian financier
many people
long run
more share
next year
main business
last month
two-year period
real estate
many people
small company
weekly magazine
real estate
last year
rich neighborhood
other area
executive officer
executive officer
net loss
third quarter
nonperforming asset
year-ago period
third quarter
low wage
second quarter
last year
third quarter
annual wage
first year
last time
first year
other industry
high wage
health-care facility
first contract
first year
second quarter
first year
actual wage
other provision
low percentage
other industry
Philippine effort
daily television
own language
popular television
national language
national language
other opponent
own language
equal weight
recent survey
other language
major language
Philippine class
most part
foreign language
Philippine child
intense debate
last year
official communication
many legislator
crucial role
one-hour segment
sound stage
local program
controversial topic
nuclear weapon
common stock
modest level
third quarter
nuclear plant
third-quarter net
public offering
new share
certain bank
corporate purpose
possible acquisition
French chemical
net proceed
total sale
right price
stated goal
net proceed
executive officer
composite trading
House-Senate conference
bad day
antitrust concern
early news
regulatory review
small cost
friendly deal
dangerous aspect
new tax
antitrust division
line-item veto
vice chairman
new post
vice chairman
major accounting
German insurance
French bank
own defense
current company
same time
regulatory mean
white knight
last year
strong dividend
next year
real battle
big hope
regulatory authority
regulatory agency
big question
likely role
large institution
official comment
French bank
full dividend
partial dividend
liquid yield
gross proceed
existing debt
corporate purpose
subordinated note
principal amount
common stock
sole underwriter
principal amount
profitable corporation
federal income
rich company
federal income
last year
last year
old tax
new tax
federal income
federal taxis
special tax
large contractor
minimum tax
federal tax
low rate
effective tax
big share
corporate taxis
federal spending
first half
corporate tax
federal income
last year
available information
domestic profit
federal income
corporate tax
early report
more taxis
effective tax
overall picture
corporate tax
executive officer
international division
retail executive
main reason
local culture
huge profit
Japanese department
negative publicity
political sense
international operation
long-term eye
retail market
well-known store
retail analyst
major buying
Japanese retailer
additional information
last year
Japanese department
European department
European partner
retail industry
American strategy
Japanese retailer
most store
overseas strategy
new fashion
next year
longstanding relationship
various proposal
old department
general manager
last year
last year
more money
annual offering
same situation
next year
social event
former president
Chinese leader
Dutch people
other country
Palestinian flag
British business
Japanese company
regional government
Chinese official
overseas trader
previous year
new business
fair official
foreign businessman
potential buyer
certain unit
vice president
more money
individual unit
major currency
active trading
corporate earning
hard yesterday
other technology
major auto
core auto
third quarter
third-quarter result
renewed concern
broad sell-off
key measure
technical analyst
third quarter
sluggish growth
corporate earning
fourth quarter
corporate profit
economic statistic
preferred growth
annual rate
major market
active trading
major currency
several year
early effort
only way
annual payment
total liability
regional division
Democratic majority
annual appropriation
current board
serious cut
civil case
current filing
House-Senate conference
small state
House-Senate conference
economic development
last week
advanced technology
last night
automotive business
third quarter
slow vehicle
fourth period
strong sign
automotive business
first time
net income
year-earlier level
automotive result
strong earning
combined profit
one-time gain
last time
automotive loss
composite trading
Japanese auto
third quarter
heavy incentive
financial officer
costly effort
Japanese market
domestic car
automotive operation
overseas auto
financial service
automotive loss
consecutive quarter
second quarter
vice president
tight production
prior downturn
net loss
weak sale
fourth-quarter profit
third-quarter decline
anticipated charge
fourth quarter
quarterly earning
American car
automotive operation
third quarter
high price
heavy loss
American auto
quarterly earning
automotive business
domestic vehicle
big technology
overseas auto
last year
full-year net
diversified operation
financial subsidiary
American production
last year
full-year profit
after-tax gain
last season
other production
young man
original scheme
last minute
effective set
high point
intense energy
such moment
valid approach
heavy burden
heavy metal
strong emphasis
important step
regional theater
new sense
last season
other measure
only time
Democratic leader
capital-gains tax
capital-gains force
enough vote
other revenue
capital-gains provision
serious business
capital-gains reduction
Republican leader
capital-gains tax
same rule
own end
new type
individual retirement
long run
new IRA
medical expense
agricultural reform
municipal development
other project
urban area
agricultural research
important plant
third-quarter loss
year-earlier quarter
York-based maker
discontinued operation
such product
year-earlier quarter
big rival
broad business
estimated loss
third quarter
secondary plant
further hit
joint acquisition
other purchase
three-year plant
semiannual basis
several brokerage
active trading
over-the-counter market
nervous investor
heavy selling
large stock
industrial issue
industrial stock
regional banking
commercial bank
large stock
recent volatility
quarterly earning
low end
most user
scientific application
other computer
net income
flat earning
fourth quarter
first quarter
year-earlier period
similar lawsuit
British company
third-quarter earning
low end
year-earlier period
third quarter
semiannual interest
subordinated debenture
due date
financial trouble
third quarter
net income
bad weather
net income
late quarter
net income
executive officer
per-share basis
year-ago quarter
last year
common share
chief executive
core operation
high volume
profitable loan
commercial loan
large loan
residential mortgage
late quarter
large part
strong economy
other thrift
such institution
other state
local area
big swing
blue chip
nervous investor
good performer
disappointing earning
few day
Third-quarter earning
low end
over-the-counter trading
technical analyst
national product
annual rate
futures-related selling
industrial average
high-risk financing
industrial average
500-stock index
190-point plunge
large bank
other computer
active issue
third-quarter earning
negative impact
other consumer
fourth quarter
short-term investment
safe investment
solid gain
common share
net profit
initial offering
pretax profit
year-ago level
third quarter
common stock
special committee
federal housing
enough time
near future
present level
present position
Australian hotel
financial adviser
new agreement
next month
alternative arrangement
new proposal
major shareholder
new share
certain condition
British market
civil penalty
illegal sale
commercial use
civil fine
criminal violation
same time
other factor
economic effect
most case
federal government
own level
special circumstance
short word
hot line
great number
general counsel
vice president
general manager
own problem
legal ground
several brokerage
good price
net income
third quarter
pretax gain
good news
second quarter
third-quarter net
late result
extraordinary gain
year-earlier period
discontinued operation
high development
financial performance
next quarter
third-quarter earning
big question
third quarter
second period
late quarter
second period
other airline
such transaction
10-year marketing
same amount
similar stake
anti-takeover measure
large rival
fat profit
low debt
steady growth
corporate raider
composite trading
common stock
same dollar
other share
10-year marketing
joint service
certain route
added benefit
new drug
formal approval
federal approval
annual cost
many time
vice president
other charge
valid contract
different job
possible union
composite trading
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
net income
special gain
sizable expense
recent takeover
net income
year-earlier quarter
after-tax gain
third-quarter result
labor-management buy-out
labor-management bid
fourth quarter
composite trading
special gain
last year
per-share earning
third quarter
most industry
third-quarter earning
Third-quarter revenue
Third-quarter traffic
net income
other investor
labor-management bid
difficult task
tough competition
late management
small unit
several year
administrative change
tough task
tremendous risk
tremendous amount
brief telephone
full attention
modern advertising
high marketing
other family
big piece
first time
major struggle
individual credit
flat beer
past decade
financial result
net income
heavy pressure
major merger
Japanese concern
last week
legal battle
strong competitor
executive post
legal argument
executive post
executive producer
executive post
day-to-day production
last week
American business
major producer
exclusive contract
regional thrift
federal official
expensive thrift
past spring
regional official
chief thrift
improper meeting
regional official
regulatory troop
regulatory process
regional official
late time
early time
limited period
criminal investigation
criminal action
regional official
outside buyer
new rule
covert operation
free hand
foreign coup
last year
executive order
last night
separate intelligence
covert action
covert act
covert act
covert act
few day
rare case
presidential intelligence
similar case
current owner
complete survey
annual revenue
federal district
potential threat
new age
environmental law
past owner
environmental problem
environmental management
nonprofit organization
real estate
such donation
nonprofit organization
eastern division
environmental assessment
eastern division
general counsel
major liability
last year
local power
preliminary research
environmental problem
nonprofit group
potential problem
little money
common sense
executive director
environmental regulation
legal obligation
back taxis
tax-exempt status
charitable purpose
second site
nonprofit organization
other charity
Korean enterprise
Korean dealing
last year
new detail
legal defense
major step
own inquiry
grand jury
extensive filing
complex case
powerful evidence
different story
powerful businessman
easy access
Korean government
American company
foreign country
overseas government
public prosecutor
promotional activity
such expense
new scheme
joint venture
promotional material
procedural form
joint venture
own board
improper activity
Korean hotel
Korean government
federal court
other TV
legal battle
antitrust law
executive officer
vice president
interim president
executive officer
personal reason
new director
new chairman
dominant shareholder
troubled merchant
single holding
total stake
major change
full takeover
sudden investment
important merchant
independent entity
important discussion
possible benefit
long term
foreign purchase
upper level
overall plan
other holding
high price
French analyst
French investment
financial analyst
international image
massive debt
big effect
first setback
successful year
leveraged buy-out
year-earlier period
executive officer
more note
several year
high-yield junk
overseas sale
long-term problem
short term
more cash
chief executive
big story
new product
last month
new product
next year
European food
other proceed
small asset
last month
other asset
several people
more asset
expensive debt
financial officer
low interest
various type
several year
public offering
key factor
troubled junk-bond
pretax profit
first half
Pretax profit
net income
weak performance
domestic telephone
total sale
electrical device
net income
first half
Italian chemical
year-earlier figure
joint venture
joint statement
possible change
top management
local news
British chemical
pretax profit
pharmaceutical sale
Pretax profit
year-earlier period
pretax profit
soft return
third quarter
pretax profit
third quarter
nine-month profit
net profit
year-earlier period
Per-share earning
upscale reader
retail advertiser
conservative estimate
recent week
profitable year
soft ad
medium-sized city
last decade
large newspaper
other city
other business
editorial side
editorial side
real estate
retail advertising
national company
real estate
right move
net profit
Dutch electronics
international stock
few week
big earning
extraordinary gain
mixed market
high taxis
other spending
net profit
net financing
intense competition
downward price
key product
Third-quarter sale
generic version
generic drug
generic product
additional evidence
generic version
criminal investigation
false information
generic drug
composite trading
first offer
first year
second year
overall inflation
European plant
two-year package
new stock
slow start
single transaction
regulatory approval
institutional business
dominant market
slow start
vice president
500-stock index
little attention
national product
recent week
such news
positive tone
national product
annual rate
third quarter
second quarter
other thing
major source
much reaction
corporate bond
most price
recent month
possible problem
late yesterday
planned sale
municipal market
institutional selling
municipal market
large customer
other list
commercial bank
municipal holding
certain investor
municipal market
tax-exempt holding
new supply
next week
late yesterday
unprecedented step
certain obligation
possible move
late yesterday
large security
30-year bond
10-year note
high yield
late yesterday
derivative market
real estate
other matter
commercial bank
foreign bond
British government
consecutive day
further weakness
British stock
Japanese government
quiet trading
one-year bond
previous auction
German bond
quiet trading
preliminary official
tax-exempt bond
serial bond
municipal bond
same time
taxable bond
long maturity
secondary market
active issue
corporate issue
corporate bond
new-issue volume
senior note
federal law
federal bankruptcy
federal bankruptcy
preliminary injunction
troubled thrift
apparent conflict
federal law
other company
numerous phone
federal judge
assistant attorney
permanent office
Federal judge
other area
more year
final month
such thing
federal challenge
federal court
many book
criminal activity
criminal source
such cooperation
foreign law
foreign firm
European branch
other office
joint venture
environmental litigation
financial responsibility
judicial salary
important issue
good people
good people
federal court
punitive damage
capital-gains cut
possible veto
tough fight
anti-abortion lawmaker
extra pressure
controversial proposal
numerous attempt
capital-gains cut
likely candidate
other measure
Democratic leader
secret restriction
next step
covert plan
last coup
previous attempt
future effort
slow pace
international drug
Soviet agent
nonprofit group
federal contract
new transplant
nonprofit group
medical progress
pro-choice force
tough restriction
new abortion
next year
abortion-rights activist
new series
next month
big boost
pro-choice issue
presidential son
central figure
federal government
annual revenue
core business
small metal
big investor
big brokerage
common form
stock-index arbitrage
other firm
next month
other action
nationwide advertising
last month
large amount
stock-index future
short-term gain
brief price
volatile market
big price
renewed outcry
individual investor
major institution
big trading
big insurance
financial-services firm
big investor
institutional investor
mutual-fund company
mutual fund
index-arbitrage trading
own customer
institutional investor
program-trading brokerage
such company
small investor
financial market
regional brokerage
several official
executive committee
executive officer
own account
retail client
excess volatility
other form
other form
individual client
excessive volatility
senior partner
electronic access
regular management
small investor
minor program
index-arbitrage operation
program-trading debate
aggressive use
own account
active index
retail business
nuclear power
little bit
active program
individual investor
program-trading firm
small investor
individual investor
big insurance
financial company
big member
monthly program
long-term care
next year
health-care service
new company
composite trading
corporate profit
disappointing earning
third quarter
first time
100-share index
pretax profit
100-share index
intraday low
senior dealer
30-share index
thin session
soft earning
other share
daily loss
first section
first section
early trading
institutional investor
active trading
past couple
recent record
domestic demand
general manager
Japanese equity
recent increase
thin trading
early rally
large company
low value
new share
broad market
blue-chip share
small loss
late decline
deep sense
Many investment
other trader
low level
last year
major rally
other bank
major stock
vice president
new president
few year
soft drink
nuclear power
improper procedure
possible sale
ambitious expansion
past year
new owner
real estate
daily flight
natural gas
comprehensive review
definitive agreement
other transaction
third-quarter loss
pretax charge
third quarter
industrywide decline
retail sale
certain asset
estimated cost
back manufacturing
net income
composite trading
creative executive
creative head
creative post
vice president
creative head
creative director
creative director
few week
few month
last year
single piece
new business
new business
last year
long time
entire agency
creative work
new business
last spring
creative leader
other thing
different attitude
certain client
certain amount
American agency
British account
executive officer
long time
creative work
new product
new business
chief executive
sizable move
several trading
strong demand
opposite direction
high output
former war
hostile act
much attention
last spring
big oil
other commodity
beneficial rain
widespread rain
early summer
precious metal
volatile stock
key figure
Conservative government
continued decline
precious metal
political news
main factor
economic adviser
British pound
consecutive day
strong rally
major producer
precious metal
precious metal
long time
general weakness
major support
secondary support
next area
technical support
good news
metric ton
low point
low price
African producer
soft commodity
open interest
certain sign
additional selling
open interest
outstanding contract
opposite trade
new sale
hard currency
current need
common strategy
diversified chemical
recent change
strategic goal
core chemical
advanced material
annual sale
first unit
current management
strong growth
pretax profit
last year
light metal
same period
third quarter
per-share earning
past year
short seller
short seller
12-month earning
red flag
total number
large increase
huge run
short seller
industrial company
strong balance
short seller
high stock
disappointing earning
small company
disappointing earning
third quarter
short seller
vice president
new firm
net income
third quarter
Per-share earning
daily trading
common share
2-for-1 stock
commercial debt
foreign debt
vice president
first sign
commercial lender
prospective plan
substantial discount
fresh credit
favorable term
institutional fund
vice president
chief economist
low yield
institutional fund
money-market instrument
long maturity
other patient
scientific conference
American merchant
late report
direct link
public health
same period
nuclear arm
nuclear weapon
official visit
free-market system
state-owned company
military base
economic policy
economic adviser
foreign minister
prime minister
monetary policy
Western freedom
communist authority
pro-democracy activist
internal change
new rule
covert operation
free hand
foreign coup
economic restructuring
first country
communist nation
more emphasis
small plan
agricultural community
last month
regional issue
new head
Chinese government
sixth month
daily newspaper
pro-democracy protest
five-year term
past century
American business
hard time
real estate
high interest
strong one
few year
early 1980s
last year
third-quarter profit
year-earlier loss
per-share earning
late quarter
discontinued operation
new product
weak sale
fourth quarter
Third-quarter net
third quarter
fourth quarter
last month
composite trading
high sale
net loss
annual rate
third quarter
bad trade
second quarter
strong consumer
current quarter
previous quarter
quarterly loss
American auto
first time
slow sale
current quarter
British luxury
corporate earning
most bond
British pound
long-distance market
capital-gains tax
Democratic leader
such power
regional thrift
federal official
costly thrift
major victory
powerful chip
several computer
most computer
joint venture
next week
unusual move
third quarter
annual wage
year-ago level
quarterly loss
French conglomerate
dominant shareholder
effective control
Canadian company
additional share
special meeting
executive officer
planned takeover
certain director
other holder
annual meeting
single class
common share
significant discount
net income
Canadian dollar
Canadian cent
Canadian cent
more emphasis
small proposal
small change
fiscal year
federal treatment
other spending
federal fund
new defense
direct spending
foreign aid
direct spending
domestic spending
federal program
direct spending
new attack
late yesterday
economic expert
financial community
prime minister
monetary policy
economic adviser
German mark
recent week
financial market
major fall
economic policy
major question
monetary policy
major currency
economic program
financial market
prime minister
large part
economic debate
economic policy
full agreement
prime minister
essential requirement
economic adviser
prime minister
foreign secretary
prime minister
last spring
influential adviser
subsequent television
controversial adviser
prime minister
last night
good friend
senior adviser
prime minister
financial market
clear message
economic priority
last summer
volatile currency
economic adviser
first term
key adviser
important people
nice thing
federal commodity
good friend
civil commodity
recent memory
top official
executive committee
regulatory group
outside counsel
profitable one
last year
full panel
federal court
widespread fraud
disciplinary case
high government
personal relationship
French bank
top lawyer
successful trader
recent sign
busy man
retail brokerage
prime minister
high school
other venture
same type
important space
big business
early 1970s
financial future
speculative position
other trader
close friend
same line
alleged trade
previous firm
net loss
net loss
year-earlier period
net income
real estate
net loss
net income
loan-loss provision
third quarter
real estate
nonperforming loan
executive officer
third-quarter charge
federal regulation
certain standard
last fall
fourth quarter
written agreement
third-quarter loss
real estate
loan-loss reserve
nonperforming loan
nonperforming loan
nonperforming asset
original loan
nonperforming asset
nonperforming loan
real estate
net loss
net income
year-earlier period
loan-loss reserve
total loan
nonperforming loan
nonperforming loan
fourth quarter
nonperforming asset
net loss
net income
environmental group
public relation
wrong way
plastic item
joint venture
big step
good environment
vice president
environmental affair
small step
many customer
joint venture
other concern
regional director
large company
similar program
durable good
last year
environmental group
other thing
legislative initiative
such law
local rule
political pressure
first place
current debate
individual retirement
immediate incentive
more saving
ample reason
foreign saving
important step
federal budget
powerful way
total saving
corporate saving
big problem
capital-gains taxis
Republican senator
popular IRA
little success
next year
taxable income
mutual fund
new saving
new saving
prominent economist
new saving
limited IRA
full tax
past contribution
new IRA
old scheme
mutual fund
full IRA
many economist
Republican version
big tax
Democratic plan
initial contribution
usual bias
other hand
surprising number
only tax
more money
big IRA
Republican IRA
high tax
future tax
more tax
many economist
new one
low tax
long run
extra saving
economic growth
added saving
friendly transaction
independent director
vice president
general counsel
future talk
such negotiation
special committee
composite trading
large position
full ownership
several takeover
institutional investor
typical premium
outside director
special committee
various transaction
various community
financial news
unusual move
next week
new debt
extraordinary auction
enough cash
congressional leader
capital-gains tax
recent day
extraordinary action
capital-gains tax
top priority
available vehicle
new security
regular auction
special security
local government
next week
unusual auction
congressional leader
administrative action
adequate time
anticipated date
difficult bill
Republican ally
possible opportunity
capital-gains tax
Democratic leader
many consumer
substantial number
new business
common industry
own capital
separate entity
international financing
large finance
industrial company
commercial bank
financial affair
consolidated earning
consolidated profit
common share
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
average rate
large bank
metropolitan area
annual yield
real estate
pretax profit
last year
total capacity
Canadian dollar
last week
rival bidder
Canadian dollar
foreign concern
last week
vice president
substantial benefit
more investment
new product
pharmaceutical company
pharmaceutical research
Canadian government
net benefit
foreign ownership
federal datum
common share
electronic product
first auction
30-year bond
entire bond
troubled thrift
average yield
30-year bond
recent auction
new security
assistant secretary
institutional investor
little interest
potential buyer
small number
huge amount
vice president
good shape
new supply
strong market
long-term bond
Japanese brokerage
vice president
last week
long-term bond
real buyer
long bond
30-year bond
municipal bond
corporate issue
30-year bond
zero-coupon security
principal portion
deep discount
big buyer
vice president
sizable share
institutional investor
close attention
congressional hearing
future course
monetary policy
other thing
small gain
large amount
new supply
new security
national product
third quarter
annual rate
third quarter
second quarter
10-year note
high bidding
low bidding
corporate issue
new issue
corporate market
new issue
30-year debenture
convertible note
liquid yield
secondary trading
high-risk junk
more equity
less debt
new deal
high-yield debt
early gain
average life
10-year note
derivative market
real estate
new issue
active dollar
late dealing
general obligation
new issue
preliminary pricing
general obligation
first offering
such debt
environmental protection
foreign bond
foreign government
light trading
German insurance
European takeover
large insurance
major sign
European insurance
single market
next summer
industrial company
first time
private firm
estimated earning
big price
first step
European market
European market
domestic company
general partner
large client
European company
special force
Mexican plant
existing plant
monthly production
related computer
financial service
ongoing strength
net income
third quarter
unusual gain
continued growth
European operation
late quarter
pretax gain
third-quarter performance
continued increase
international sale
next couple
third quarter
international service
new space
composite trading
executive officer
financial service
additional post
certain circumstance
regulatory approval
net income
year-earlier quarter
executive officer
late quarter
next year
financial dealing
rich book
hot ticket
controversial junk-bond
last summer
recent addition
soft landing
regular people
old job
annual office
continued use
federal pension
administrative aide
corporate client
former aide
legal work
whole experience
internal growth
good thing
Democratic majority
official investigation
last month
former colleague
male scandal
legal career
new home
legal expense
very act
former secretary
former wife
such movie
military officer
heavy demand
conservative member
congressional page
private sector
unsuccessful bid
foreign policy
advisory board
corporate client
savings-and-loan crisis
last spring
young woman
few week
other scandal
good source
public figure
new scandal
first people
Canadian government
regional agency
Canadian move
military support
many year
Canadian membership
Canadian application
beneficial role
last year
American country
economic development
political crisis
old movie
great degree
recent movie
old movie
favorite movie
other character
poor choice
same movie
modern movie
special effect
exclusive property
single category
common stock
industrialized democracy
previous month
second half
last year
annual sale
other control
Canadian manufacturer
federal agency
fourth decline
low order
primary metal
independent oil
German subsidiary
joint venture
related field
strong market
joint venture
third-quarter profit
various chemical
quarterly dividend
sharp price
basic chemical
broad range
overseas earning
year-earlier period
late quarter
top executive
executive officer
several month
current position
pretax profit
high dividend
composite trading
late quarter
industrial product
strong demand
high selling
low cost
world-wide market
single share
tight supply
crude oil
natural gas
heavy rain
third quarter
high demand
low earning
low demand
industrial market
unspecified date
effective today
Canadian government
Canadian dollar
general government
Finnish conglomerate
Dutch cable
European leader
monetary union
new argument
political change
rapid change
good way
eastern country
economic aid
only response
European community
next fall
central bank
economic interest
next door
big change
economic policy
natural division
strategic issue
specific aid
industrialized nation
Western aid
first step
American aid
French franc
sudden change
European leader
British analyst
longstanding policy
economic approach
French analysis
Soviet leader
economic restructuring
operational policy
Soviet economy
nuclear reaction
more aid
prominent role
European home
serious problem
European community
future risk
French one
emotional reaction
dangerous pressure
American troop
nuclear weapon
more progress
social reform
electronic component
annual meeting
so-called poison
common share
hostile bidder
additional share
current market
net income
Canadian dollar
Canadian cent
net loss
Canadian cent
three-year contract
additional option
fiscal year
local union
large construction
organized labor
metropolitan area
late acquisition
large construction
Japanese concern
Japanese company
fiscal year
executive officer
mandatory retirement
vice president
other firm
other firm
mutual-fund product
minimum deposit
small account
small account
new service
net income
comparable period
third quarter
flat year
planned move
vice chairman
general service
vice chairman
chief investment
new post
similar responsibility
new office
vice president
quarterly loss
public firm
first quarter
executive officer
new family
new computer
new management
new computer
fourth quarter
fiscal year
strong demand
next year
executive officer
executive committee
new company
new company
certain condition
such financing
formal proposal
few day
executive officer
little power
unsecured creditor
vice president
old friend
further damage
fresh package
punitive legislation
indirect signal
Chinese leader
last month
first step
soft line
Chinese official
Chinese leader
separate meeting
Chinese leadership
own people
internal affair
last week
legislative action
great weight
military sale
human body
red blood
new experiment
own blood
low number
red cell
similar group
red cell
past century
American business
personal saving
major act
corporate pension
key support
partial model
new model
mutual fund
last year
private transaction
apparent attempt
black market
hard currency
commercial transaction
official rate
Soviet citizen
sweeping rate
black market
Soviet leader
foreign trade
such rate
big profit
Western item
personal computer
personal computer
Soviet consumer
such good
Soviet farmer
hard currency
official rate
Soviet banker
Western banker
German banker
next step
large effect
next month
first auction
foreign currency
Soviet company
Western currency
last spring
regular event
hard currency
Soviet firm
joint venture
hard currency
good exchange
same time
Soviet hotel
hard currency
other rule
current rule
other currency
new rate
black market
unusual contract
key contract
major corporation
potential value
fresh look
central bank
few thing
early year
regional system
central bank
great deal
good thing
chief economist
monetary matter
private citizen
presidential commission
single agency
financial market
late market
recent week
low interest
more emphasis
economic growth
German mark
central bank
foreign currency
other word
domestic money
central bank
much impact
main reason
stable exchange
economic policy
fiscal policy
excessive inflation
enough power
American policy
old time
big picture
human value
fellow party
past week
other word
good thing
new thing
high office
Japanese government
such thing
other night
right issue
wrong target
personal value
public life
public standard
bad case
national disease
national disease
full speed
foreign minister
high place
national disease
public life
narrow construction
much money
private gain
public official
public service
former president
real value
chief executive
Canadian dollar
final decision
high offer
other bidder
independent director
major shareholder
major shareholder
high offer
other bid
other bidder
outside bid
only part
new proposal
additional loan
chief executive
British theater
Canadian cent
solid offer
German chemical
environmental group
general public
large producer
new plant
large chemical
separate division
environmental impact
vice president
vice president
regulatory affair
new line
next year
first time
last year
first company
urban area
rural community
more market
big trading
American proposal
adequate basis
agricultural support
poor nation
many expert
free-market system
poor nation
particular problem
considerable flexibility
agricultural support
certain product
heavy volume
European concern
foreign producer
small portion
last year
similar unit
recent decision
federal court
odd role
more attention
true story
permanent injunction
fair use
reasonable time
serious book
historical criticism
own word
such circumstance
early decision
personal letter
fair use
historical point
serious work
public interest
chief judge
separate opinion
dead man
public interest
particular case
fair use
primary source
such source
legitimate access
historical point
minimal amount
minimal amount
historical enterprise
second decision
professional writer
public figure
free press
great analyst
such statement
particular issue
such statement
private asset
public liability
own statement
own word
green light
standard practice
vice president
last month
particular case
cultural conflict
American life
Soviet intelligence
great issue
unusual power
strange case
intense battle
human condition
social class
public reaction
private relief
local government
many resident
same newspaper
same TV
other people
great issue
federal budget
single individual
judicial process
appellate court
current state
particular situation
major unit
vice president
chief executive
late date
vice president
new suitor
independent offer
second group
top officer
big defense
automotive electronics
net income
third quarter
military spending
common stock
automotive operation
composite trading
tough time
automotive operation
primary customer
one-time charge
American vehicle
high borrowing
automotive financing
common stock
third-quarter profit
total business
total business
other bidder
federal bankruptcy
financial package
new round
unsecured creditor
different plan
important role
unsecured creditor
new bid
full payment
secured creditor
unsecured creditor
official creditor
unsecured creditor
full credit
other plan
unsecured creditor
new holding
current holder
common stock
preferred holder
certain debenture
preferred stock
preferred holder
total package
common shareholder
combined company
other bidder
federal bankruptcy
major role
final settlement
annual increase
effective rate
new offer
usual hearing
nuclear power
composite trading
separate development
maximum cost
executive officer
vice president
international unit
full day
free fall
sixth floor
open line
third room
more line
top security
own advantage
190-point plunge
leveraged buy-out
big trade
financial crisis
financial firm
global market
leveraged buy-out
own majority
hefty issue
financial market
clear position
high-yield junk
crucial post
important signal
new chairman
last month
separate time
other government
real test
congressional aide
industrial average
industrial average
wrong number
catastrophic event
other exchange
most investor
much interest
regional exchange
large display
serious side
future engine
big auto
regional affair
automotive analyst
first time
hot display
active suspension
active suspension
active suspension
various part
first system
next month
next spring
active suspension
domestic use
several company
high gas
new model
important value
Japanese auto
funny name
new high
small car
small child
French auto
independent display
separate room
automotive part
vice president
short term
economic investment
expanded IRA
classic example
taxable income
taxable income
Canadian dollar
five-year plan
technical analyst
potential proceed
current demand
new aircraft
little difficulty
prospective buyer
next year
net cost
long-term debt
second quarter
year-earlier figure
British banking
financial-services group
deputy chairman
new post
executive officer
new post
deputy head
recent bid
straight cash
foreign investment
good politics
bad law
partial airline
Soviet airline
federal deficit
monetary policy
other thing
monetary policy
great conflict
minor issue
foreign-exchange market
modest loss
economic output
other word
economic growth
few year
significant reduction
federal deficit
little chance
monetary policy
monetary policy
strategic goal
small step
capital-gains taxis
economic policy
marginal income
public television
giant retailer
recent month
big ticket
durable good
public television
old show
last season
new show
start-up house
young couple
other agreement
little matter
public TV
electric utility
executive officer
federal official
environmental group
fast action
other thing
more weight
continued use
environmental community
congressional leader
legislative proposal
other law
same chemical
fresh food
other change
more flexibility
federal government
continued use
financial market
tiny gain
moderate trading
30-year bond
German mark
sluggish action
many investor
slow yesterday
close attention
congressional hearing
future course
monetary policy
Many analyst
preliminary estimate
national product
economic growth
third quarter
little effect
financial market
major market
moderate trading
30-year issue
few year
other school
first move
new book
large price
personal style
few year
internal investigation
low grade
late mayor
serious charge
other student
false information
other player
other college
same circumstance
corporate tax
foreign car
last month
bad press
corporate taxis
estimated profit
executive officer
poor performance
current trend
annual shareholder
retail analyst
white-collar worker
other chain
extensive effort
several month
black health
many store
new merchandise
favorable result
last year
new strategy
six-month strike
previous talk
national labor
other thing
formal talk
top management
important business
next year
core product
additional information
potential cost
executive officer
financial officer
same time
exclusive arrangement
pharmaceutical concern
beneficial ownership
new term
whole structure
American right
other expense
unusual solution
hot money
new movie
many people
other people
rich people
nice house
modern aid
major decision
hostile takeover
other end
old man
emotional style
vast range
other film
second time
French director
powerful picture
first time
many word
good movie
recent year
next door
major restructuring
per-share earning
next year
top officer
executive officer
profitable acquisition
corporate goal
national product
total value
bright spot
first time
high sale
nuclear power
excess capacity
major boost
independent power
independent power
near-term generation
significant share
international sale
corporate sale
last year
Swiss firm
fourth quarter
short interest
short interest
late period
new venture
financial ty
health-care business
other concern
new drug
recent year
vice president
final decision
future arrangement
other investor
last year
commercial product
federal fund
high-tech industry
new guideline
last month
initial research
small equity
basic research
good way
new guideline
entire process
last year
start-up company
scientific institution
new technology
exclusive right
most venture
such deal
last year
potential competitor
exclusive right
close call
small company
early access
commercial use
individual scientist
deputy director
scientific venture
Many official
potential abuse
other provision
immediate family
scientific community
other institution
organized crime
American drug
final day
strange case
critical opinion
new series
black man
Chinese democracy
new season
human story
national organization
financial service
planned sale
last week
unsecured creditor
unsecured creditor
chief executive
first time
other half
good package
overall package
last portfolio
entire stock
good result
stable interest
good value
industrial average
partial return
10-year history
least half
entire portfolio
own computer
major one
new account
last week
chief executive
personal reason
last week
Australian company
Australian company
last week
federal court
financial position
foreign currency
foreign currency
foreign exchange
several week
common share
total purchase
limited partnership
planned offering
common share
common share
total share
over-the-counter trading
certain aircraft
new resort
late stock
more cost
additional financing
late date
square foot
many detail
mutual fund
late week
further decline
taxable fund
previous week
average yield
taxable fund
large drop
seven-day compound
current rate
last year
short-term interest
such thing
commercial paper
low interest
last spring
individual investor
good yield
short-term instrument
average yield
six-month CD
major bank
high rate
long period
average maturity
taxable fund
late week
further decline
chief economist
average maturity
short-term interest
seven-day compound
late week
seven-day compound
money-market security
high yield
simple yield
simple yield
30-day compound
small investor
risky junk
mutual fund
extra junk
good strategy
leveraged portfolio
current yield
more bond
leveraged junk
closed-end fund
open end
mutual fund
closed-end fund
preferred stock
additional bond
leveraged position
total return
such problem
leveraged fund
Many investor
risky market
high return
more profit
other junk
preferred stock
similar move
vice president
recent purchase
recent performance
leveraged product
nice picture
leveraged fund
few fund
defensive step
high cash
other fund
weak junk
much money
difficult market
other issue
mortgage-backed bond
leveraged cost
real garden
open space
previous work
international reputation
last year
initial statement
public benefit
only thing
enormous amount
square house
real plant
open space
secret garden
last year
little room
little room
good garden
next door
natural water
public garden
public garden
public space
complex garden
old book
Soviet economy
great interest
gold standard
large gold
great power
gold standard
gold reserve
outstanding currency
other hand
gold reserve
outstanding currency
likely reason
private bank
substantial earning
British gold
private banking
common law
private bank
international medium
international currency
international currency
Swiss bank
Swiss law
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
volatile time
current circuit
new circuit
current one
sharp price
certain point
computer-driven program
big institution
individual investor
other device
last year
new chairman
strong support
other provision
detailed information
such loan
leveraged buy-out
sharp market
large trader
sharp market
rare package
real estate
limited partnership
consecutive decline
quarterly earning
same day
real estate
third-quarter earning
year-ago quarter
square foot
square foot
small center
square foot
retail space
real estate
other shopping
residential development
limited partnership
square foot
good company
many company
free magazine
direct mail
direct mail
enough time
direct marketing
individual name
few year
large company
direct mail
most case
only job
first place
other thing
standardized business
more sense
other car
wild reaction
capital-gains tax
capital-gains cut
last night
enough vote
procedural ground
personal fashion
future legislation
procedural mean
major reason
long run
individual retirement
medical expense
first hand
Democratic senator
Democratic senator
capital-gains tax
capital-gains tax
capital-gains cut
capital-gains bill
capital-gains proposal
significant factor
political battle
average benefit
last year
capital-gains tax
important measure
capital-gains tax
such measure
minimum wage
capital-gains plan
next year
future vote
Chinese government
deputy director
French franc
low price
military flight
planned action
European country
huge gas
state-owned energy
last month
cubic foot
costly effort
next year
top speed
early loss
third quarter
net income
extraordinary gain
bad debt
third quarter
net loss
total asset
comprehensive service
valid test
generic manufacturer
specific product
specific manufacturer
pharmaceutical company
pharmaceutical firm
big business
same level
automotive part
automotive group
other executive
net sale
fiscal year
other business
next month
small project
other project
few year
other project
new generation
new job
new hotel
new job
total number
enormous store
ultimate impact
municipal service
adequate labor
executive director
next door
new room
huge amount
private investor
own cash
local lender
recent year
last year
huge family
vice president
total resort
such facility
new emphasis
economic downturn
new ownership
present owner
last recession
early 1980s
big chunk
new project
recent expansion
small competitor
Many people
new project
next year
regular rate
healthy profit
existing property
major property
real problem
old property
new competition
vice president
low room
extra charge
more room
existing room
small concern
local trade
initial dividend
mutual form
other house
few month
right test
line-item veto
constitutional argument
hard question
constitutional argument
line-item veto
presidential veto
independent agency
line-item veto
unconstitutional bill
other provision
new restriction
unconstitutional bill
legal target
line-item veto
political opportunity
American people
political case
line-item weapon
military base
unconstitutional provision
leveraged buy-out
common equity
high-yield junk
current plan
sufficient number
early transaction
heavy borrowing
leveraged buy-out
new bond
new money
new equity
same time
annual cash
other sign
real estate
suburban office
new financing
major user
troubled property
real estate
real estate
many choice
new office
real estate
Japanese company
Japanese press
small home
usual housing
Japanese life
strong material
square foot
possible earthquake
competitive market
traditional consumer
real estate
new company
new line
many project
same brand
real estate
standardized design
commercial market
real estate
short period
real estate
first thing
real estate
long-term change
real estate
real estate
square foot
young people
square foot
old people
medical market
vast majority
small risk
safe level
other institution
other venture
European company
European venture
strong growth
hot spot
popular acquisition
leveraged buy-out
educational material
educational datum
new chairman
other thing
renewed outcry
other critic
wild swing
several firm
major market
big security
few month
volatile form
computer-guided buying
opposite trade
stock-index future
last month
daily volume
long time
chief investment
natural buyer
overall level
intraday basis
major effect
institutional holder
big member
individual investor
small investor
big operator
recent interview
big program
executive officer
recent interview
negative impact
first firm
major statement
same thing
non-U.S. capital
convertible note
liquid yield
zero-coupon security
common stock
five-year note
noncallable issue
subordinated note
noncallable issue
five-year note
serial bond
high yield
lead underwriter
general obligation
environmental protection
current interest
convertible capital
environmental protection
current interest
standard capital
convertible capital
convertible capital
stated maturity
convertible capital
stated maturity
current interest
full fee
equity-purchase warrant
Canadian dollar
Canadian banker
full fee
full fee
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
other term
zero-coupon government
similar maturity
big spring
intense moment
big customer
hot name
major account
such retailer
last month
major shareholder
many analyst
annual meeting
major problem
next week
important selling
massive debt
vice president
Many manufacturer
much debt
other credit
long-term line
retail credit
big time
vice president
corporate communication
financial situation
next spring
financial document
recent month
numerous retailer
healthy chain
considerable amount
more order
other manufacturer
financial exposure
limited production
high cost
third-quarter profit
top steelmaker
disappointing trend
fourth quarter
major product
several steelmaker
actual loss
third quarter
large steelmaker
year-ago period
early retirement
Third-quarter sale
composite trading
major steelmaker
joint venture
industrywide environment
high cost
low volume
good earning
third-quarter earning
unusual item
basic steel
steep drop
strong demand
automotive market
competitive pressure
same time
raw material
new labor
moderate decline
fourth quarter
automotive sector
low level
early summer
low volume
net income
year-ago quarter
joint venture
large steelmaker
raw material
key product
high sale
joint venture
automotive market
high production
poor product
composite trading
large steelmaker
net income
net loss
late period
early retirement
last year
composite trading
net income
soft demand
prolonged labor
other company
other company
random access
enough memory
Japanese company
other part
other company
difficult problem
industrywide effort
industrywide effort
more company
future generation
broad line
automotive product
Canadian dollar
fiscal year
related move
chief executive
traditional food
chief executive
chief executive
chief executive
controlling shareholder
industrial stock
Canadian cent
positive development
financial analyst
financial analyst
net income
Canadian cent
Canadian cent
last month
commercial paper
lackluster performance
least book
vice president
new position
chief executive
chief executive
major currency
foreign-exchange dealer
financial market
short-term value
foreign-exchange market
primary policy
central bank
essential focus
domestic policy
stable economy
central bank
monetary policy
near future
late trade
preliminary report
national product
Many trader
bearish trend
narrow range
near term
corporate trader
large number
short position
downward move
Japanese investor
solid base
substantial evidence
economic growth
persistent concern
major slowdown
third-quarter figure
annual growth
strong figure
next quarter
current delivery
estimated volume
early trading
primary insurance
particular policy
third-quarter earning
Japanese subsidiary
quarterly result
first time
new bid
large lender
past week
Japanese bank
previous transaction
second buy-out
new contract
special dividend
other hand
recent day
new flexibility
financial adviser
special dividend
friendly investor
original bid
Japanese bank
public shareholder
public shareholder
late time
outside investor
labor-management group
late proposal
formal offer
first quarter
international route
last spring
net income
common stock
financial officer
other carrier
third-quarter profit
late result
one-time payment
foreign entity
foreign company
certain tax
extraordinary gain
subordinated debenture
other newspaper
first management
junk-bond market
third quarter
total asset
late quarter
high-yield investment
preferred stock
recent year
high-yield department
net income
high-yield portfolio
general reserve
total portfolio
high-yield bond
junk-bond holding
long-term investment
future strategy
commercial lending
outside investment
traditional thrift
quarterly result
commercial real-estate
economic value
federal regulation
regulatory capital
large reserve
regulatory requirement
total asset
total equity
large portfolio
corporate restructuring
leveraged buy-out
ultimate gain
public equity
major beer
competitive weapon
deep discount
long time
near-term earning
major rival
many market
such move
same time
net income
last year
new strategy
last month
selected market
last half
composite trading
heavy volume
major competitor
over-the-counter trading
last half
big player
competitive pricing
long-term market
powerful threat
last year
current year
big guy
difficult time
dominant market
disappointing earning
third-quarter earning
bad news
near competitor
last year
consecutive day
intraday low
first section
first section
early trading
high turnover
broad range
low level
individual investor
own account
pharmaceutical share
technical factor
100-share index
30-share index
blue-chip issue
active interest
late buying
active volume
full bid
thin dealing
German trade
German stock
little turnover
tough talk
nationwide strike
next spring
further cut
steep wage
German industry
positive figure
next year
positive factor
high bond
monetary growth
recent gain
impending takeover
other bank
other market
major stock
French chemical
British manufacturer
French group
British company
federal support
poor woman
abortion-rights movement
next month
Democratic leadership
last night
further provision
new appropriation
last month
additional benefit
last night
direct cash
federal highway
general emergency
expanded credit
annual highway
federal aid
last week
fiscal year
permanent appropriation
further delay
related abortion
many year
Democratic leadership
last year
similar vote
anti-abortion movement
marginal increase
last year
political issue
moral issue
anti-abortion movement
abortion-rights movement
Republican side
last term
last night
first construction
ambitious space
federal mortgage
new authority
early challenge
controversial agreement
House-Senate conference
influential member
Spanish magazine
last month
private television
annual sale
own program
program-trading vehicle
institutional investor
single trade
few stock
six-month approval
late yesterday
same time
small basket
regular hour
big block
public meeting
program-trading strategy
stock-index contract
wild price
new product
overseas market
Japanese investor
own floor
good interest
new product
institutional investor
individual investor
new product
last month
daily volume
institutional trading
new stock
more access
different place
institutional investor
mutual fund
index-arbitrage trader
stock-index future
small price
same time
big program
major security
limited trading
regional exchange
new basket
individual stock
back business
first quarter
senior bank
due date
composite trading
late quarter
year-earlier quarter
late quarter
senior note
financial institution
final credit
various alternative
net income
net income
prior year
common share
last month
possible change
formal proposal
third party
more share
common share
open market
composite trading
partial settlement
civil suit
few week
limited partner
partial settlement
limited partner
civil suit
federal court
imminent agreement
numerous defendant
large arbitrage
federal court
main underwriter
British investment
partial settlement
British fund
other defendant
financial loss
limited partner
serious discussion
limited partner
financial institution
individual investor
limited partner
essential step
same time
limited partner
limited partner
limited partner
federal freedom
federal court
legal practice
minimum sentence
federal court
civil suit
different type
civil case
complex suit
simple one
complex case
antitrust suit
many business
federal judge
standard case
judicial attention
federal court
strict time
fast track
complex dispute
federal court
federal district
own plan
civil suit
high cost
civil case
similar project
civil right
corporate counsel
regional computer
large corporation
big buyer
retail store
personal computer
big business
metropolitan area
executive officer
metropolitan area
current business
last year
related matter
vice president
vice president
net loss
third quarter
York-based company
net loss
net loss
late period
fourth quarter
current quarter
last hour
considerable resistance
technical decision
crude oil
next week
late report
integrated oil
much concern
first quarter
current demand
significant slowdown
bearish factor
cold weather
other commodity
technical price
continued export
downward pressure
computer-driven buying
early trading
foreign country
Russian ship
low price
high price
near-term delivery
Chinese purchase
big effect
recent price
high price
current trading
modest sell-off
metric ton
African producer
soft commodity
only report
metric ton
last year
similar situation
French merchant
old crop
last spring
French merchant
short position
executive officer
other offer
initial offer
new offer
composite trading
possible suitor
other party
final opinion
subordinated debt
international affiliate
pretax loss
average growth
modest improvement
planned asset
Swiss franc
unsecured loan
subordinated debenture
big loss
real estate
federal security
corporate secretary
legal counsel
further detail
substantial investment
fiscal year
composite trading
financial service
vice president
vice president
general counsel
hostile takeover
giant food
certain circumstance
composite trading
French unit
net profit
first half
joint venture
German paper
other part
unspecified unit
separate transaction
international trading
unspecified unit
composite trading
outside director
international share
last year
net income
year-ago period
fiscal year
congressional aide
main point
private meeting
few day
final agreement
next week
fiscal year
previous year
previous year
important victory
intense pressure
congressional aide
overall agreement
emotional issue
next year
most senator
congressional aide
detailed testing
congressional aide
net income
composite trading
futures-related program
recent volatility
moderate pace
third-quarter performance
early trading
late session
brief round
blue-chip issue
industrial average
good performance
broad index
stock-index arbitrage
low level
sharp swing
other trading
national product
third quarter
moderate pace
annual growth
quarterly dividend
third-quarter earning
industrial average
composite trading
financial-services unit
third-quarter earning
third-quarter earning
planned price
net income
third-quarter earning
last week
high premium
net income
most analyst
third-quarter loss
various financing
aggressive buying
other airline
high earning
Japanese buy
previous session
preferred stock
2-for-1 stock
quarterly dividend
third-quarter earning
adequate bid
individual property
second year
new product
more factory
Japanese manufacturer
domestic customer
Japanese company
other thing
next year
few year
first expansion
Japanese company
American company
total output
good time
Japanese company
fiscal year
Japanese interest
few right
modest dividend
senior economist
unusual step
Japanese auto
Japanese car
Japanese company
domestic demand
much investment
large company
expanded capacity
new one
other purpose
enormous trade
domestic demand
domestic demand
further drive
short run
Japanese export
Japanese auto
additional production
Japanese company
year-earlier period
Japanese auto
high-quality product
cheap car
old facility
different model
many company
high-tech machinery
new plant
domestic demand
Japanese consumer
domestic auto
heavy demand
more car
vice president
short supply
Japanese manufacturer
prolonged slump
global market
Japanese company
whole industry
most business
big maker
industrial air
new office
major competitor
world-wide market
annual capacity
domestic sale
Japanese manufacturer
new product
Japanese competitor
more beer
Japanese company
big investment
foreign competitor
Japanese market
high-tech field
Japanese company
foreign competition
more investment
more export
new plant
random access
next generation
early investment
Japanese rival
new chip
excessive investment
vice president
enough product
last month
new plant
next year
Japanese company
excess capacity
attractive product
foreign company
third-quarter loss
loan-loss reserve
new capital
over-the-counter trading
initial phase
commercial real-estate
federal act
sharp decline
net income
third quarter
adverse effect
net income
year-ago period
weak profit
principal competitor
industrial product
quarterly cash
common stock
new share
composite trading
Federal health
new drug
formal approval
federal approval
young patient
many time
conservative safety
red tape
small part
lucrative market
dramatic recovery
first reaction
major problem
similar sentiment
new drug
same company
crucial thing
striking aspect
common stock
common share
common stock
own vehicle
big investor
single trade
sharp swing
big security
capital-gains tax
third quarter
high cost
key client
two-year industry
quarterly loss
new industry
major beer
new proposal
financial market
central bank
third quarter
future takeover
high earning
next year
major restructuring
East bloc
first day
political right
private transaction
apparent attempt
black market
hard currency
political demand
poor woman
abortion-rights movement
last week
more house
fiscal year
final package
next week
German leader
internal change
civil war
political party
political change
nuclear strategy
political change
two-day meeting
military force
nuclear weapon
possible challenge
personal paper
serious question
extraordinary threat
East bloc
legal action
economic restructuring
communist government
dissident group
two-day visit
free travel
additional responsibility
small unit
several year
third quarter
year-earlier period
few spot
current decline
third quarter
regional area
only region
more competition
new business
only industry
more business
savings-and-loan industry
Japanese department
actual bid
economic newspaper
European financing
retail chain
annual meeting
possible bidder
Japanese company
financial figure
prospective buyer
real bid
potential buyer
early stage
last year
annual sale
last month
major restructuring
real estate
other officer
adverse information
financial condition
last week
major bank
certain condition
fair auction
over-the-counter trading
common stock
clinical testing
detailed merger
further consideration
specific term
new letter
preferred stock
own cash
short-term investment
other financing
over-the-counter trading
recent offer
net income
year-earlier period
net income
last year
first half
second half
last year
continued improvement
year-ago quarter
late period
over-the-counter trading
equal share
per-share figure
common share
bad news
good news
stable credit
excess risk
related entity
other thing
public share
high-yield fund
senior debt
total amount
few people
same risk
previous junk
pretax earning
many junk
prospective bond
enough cash
big investor
high-yield debt
zero-coupon debenture
future growth
past level
third quarter
net loss
net income
daily trading
common share
free-market policy
separate statement
political value
black population
right foot
political course
over-the-counter market
moderate trading
many issue
over-the-counter trading
financial stock
over-the-counter trading
decent rally
few session
active stock
British car
ordinary share
ordinary share
British government
other stock
corporate earning
net income
one-time gain
net loss
third quarter
big percentage
third quarter
extraordinary credit
third-quarter earning
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
only player
last coup
executive director
major sport
various sport
other contract
high price
same time
old basis
positive press
huge audience
top sport
big deal
former college
intellectual attention
next month
potential bill
several season
few month
former president
huge bid
high today
corporate law
few year
other guy
major event
annual meeting
private audience
chief executive
sole approval
large figure
major event
only way
other show
few week
first time
regular TV
new show
top sport
strong bet
local station
other series
new series
good way
most advertiser
recent year
other show
annual profit
big loss
such loss
promotional value
first year
high price
modest profit
live event
live event
prime-time fare
additional event
vice president
enormous cash
various business
last year
least money
prime time
new sport
major contract
regular series
few week
prime time
prime time
other business
own question
only question
corporate side
good service
big business
institutional trading
common use
heavy use
such restriction
congressional legislation
last spring
federal law
federal bill
tight law
only way
powerful group
sure operator
more training
new law
hot line
other person
other people
legal purpose
few year
many complaint
first line
large market
new mainframe
intense competition
new generation
most mainframe
third quarter
next year
large model
small model
high price
big model
comparable power
first model
new line
fiscal year
fiscal year
same time
composite trading
new line
huge market
new aspect
big company
commercial market
new line
low end
personal computer
major presence
new sign
fourth quarter
many sale
fourth quarter
most sale
fourth quarter
strong dollar
overseas earning
per-share earning
new mainframe
much floor
old system
much datum
capital-gains tax
controversial tax
only provision
federal budget
original view
capital-gains cut
deficit-reduction bill
separate vote
sufficient sentiment
deficit-reduction bill
capital-gains tax
capital-gains tax
first meeting
Democratic leader
capital-gains issue
minimum wage
French marketing
German subsidiary
electronic product
recent change
French law
new generation
such equipment
vice president
several signal
optical line
previous generation
optical network
more capacity
early model
specific price
strong growth
such product
such equipment
four-year period
next year
last month
leveraged buy-out
large law
many lawyer
low revenue
high fee
legal work
same kind
few week
next year
active period
such firm
significant slowdown
few week
recent week
hostile offer
long time
many fall
uncertain financing
big deal
foreign buyer
domestic one
international client
European company
American one
live transaction
current market
last week
federal court
certain stock
high price
such thing
personal reason
assistant attorney
vice president
vice president
urban affair
other lawyer
legislative director
former partner
real estate
general counsel
controlling stake
chief executive
financial officer
pharmaceutical concern
common stock
beneficial ownership
common stock
common share
average price
exclusive agreement
principal office
third-quarter profit
third-quarter performance
net product
last year
third period
second quarter
net income
good sign
limited research
new product
next year
low tax
special report
personal finance
monthly newspaper
special report
net loss
after-tax charge
continued weakness
quarterly setback
net income
year-ago period
previous year
third quarter
late quarter
after-tax charge
anticipated loss
Many analyst
composite trading
executive officer
fourth quarter
conservative forecast
net income
financial officer
executive officer
independent power
last year
common stock
new company
total debt
unsecured creditor
senior note
new company
unsecured creditor
discontinued operation
senior note
public shareholder
new company
unsecured creditor
senior note
new company
certain note
valid claim
administrative claim
minor damage
last week
few month
electric power
average interest
weekly auction
commercial paper
last week
average rate
commercial paper
last week
commercial communication
Italian car
industrial cooperation
Swedish auto
heavy loss
technical cooperation
financial cooperation
Italian auto
technical cooperation
Swedish company
pretax profit
other car
net income
full year
net income
year-earlier period
third quarter
Third-quarter revenue
composite trading
common stock
electronic part
automotive part
industrywide downturn
major factor
executive officer
pretax loss
pretax loss
current quarter
financial operation
pretax charge
third quarter
pretax capital
civil suit
improper lending
pretax charge
fourth quarter
electronic component
other partner
international engineering
total capital
open market
corporate purpose
five-year note
private entity
French consumer
annual price
year-earlier level
environmental management
potential site
several week
major campaign
final site
other company
previous sale
full membership
general manager
vice president
new post
private practice
federal court
only portion
popular computer
major difficulty
unspecified damage
valid claim
federal court
real thing
editorial page
wrong direction
Japanese culture
American culture
Japanese manager
Japanese culture
American manager
Japanese manager
American manager
American company
major aspect
Japanese culture
Japanese culture
Japanese culture
American culture
American employee
Japanese way
first order
corporate culture
good aspect
national culture
Japanese way
good explanation
net profit
first half
full year
French water
net profit
first half
presidential candidate
few month
poor woman
federal funding
popular president
powerful side
anti-abortion force
uncertain ally
abortion-rights force
vice president
punitive position
entire abortion
anti-abortion activist
personal feeling
political risk
ideological base
political adviser
young voter
abortion-rights argument
anti-abortion activist
many issue
such conflict
abortion-rights movement
last summer
quick change
public attitude
anti-abortion stance
close look
federal funding
constitutional ban
anti-abortion position
constitutional amendment
early 1980s
federal funding
constitutional amendment
federal funding
last year
anti-abortion rally
constitutional amendment
high court
own tax
poor woman
other issue
constitutional amendment
few comment
great effort
human life
last month
legislative session
anti-abortion force
key test
own history
civil right
constitutional amendment
American woman
other minority
equal right
civil right
private sector
legal system
civil right
Asian operation
new organization
executive director
vice president
net income
year-ago period
independent analyst
lackluster quarter
foreign currency
recent week
composite trading
raw material
first time
second quarter
late quarter
total tax
second quarter
foreign currency
African subsidiary
crude oil
third quarter
environmental service
unsuccessful product
third-quarter result
year-ago quarter
American company
high hope
hostile takeover
chief executive
giant steel
foreign steelmaker
huge expense
special dividend
recent purchase
common stock
further advance
big investor
international trade
corporate raider
new takeover
special meeting
separate oil
junk-bond market
special dividend
enough cash
recent turmoil
tough decision
new job
chief executive
big company
big thing
modest goal
back accounting
early interview
front man
chief executive
former executive
annual loss
cubic foot
natural gas
diversified business
other thing
right price
several plant
short-term outlook
main trade
former executive
good return
major product
public offering
only way
joint venture
little choice
weak price
strong demand
important decision
rich oil
other energy
long-term goal
clear sense
other option
major move
vice president
corporate planning
strategic planning
entire industry
particular company
other company
new effort
Israeli argument
Israeli list
independent evidence
different view
top adviser
last week
Israeli government
different document
Arab territory
Jewish state
detailed account
new letter
separate document
low yesterday
recent session
narrow range
preliminary report
national product
independent company
foreign-exchange dealer
significant gain
late trading
strong reaction
vice president
long term
bearish phase
recent weakness
economic datum
major trading
foreign investor
major counterpart
German economy
high rate
Japanese investor
German investment
German market
senior dealer
monetary policy
Japanese currency
British unit
early loss
current delivery
estimated volume
early trading
financial service
last year
sharp drop
high-risk bet
bad news
recent year
pretax profit
net income
third quarter
net income
year-ago period
last week
long-term deposit
vice president
high degree
interest-rate risk
last year
good control
real estate
financial performance
significant accounting
last year
pretax profit
financial officer
last year
current management
crude oil
financial service
third-quarter earning
first deficit
low pricing
broad attempt
new approach
poor result
durable good
annual merchandise
new pricing
initial surge
large display
current environment
unusual value
giant retailer
new way
special deal
new TV
other store
right idea
special price
tough time
new pricing
low price
other area
slow process
third quarter
total revenue
net income
third-quarter net
big hit
fourth quarter
financial impact
net income
basic stock
composite trading
year-earlier level
high demand
year-earlier level
crude import
year-earlier level
entire neighborhood
current market
down payment
big obstacle
young buyer
personal liability
down payment
exclusive purchase
free market
down payment
marginal buyer
quarterly figure
national survey
first week
more people
net income
high revenue
mixed review
financial-services company
year-earlier period
composite trading
main business
other office
weak market
executive officer
financial service
new order
durable good
military equipment
other good
last month
most analyst
sharp decline
steep rise
recent government
many economist
military equipment
military good
fiscal year
durable good
seasonal fluctuation
durable good
first time
temporary surge
second month
steep drop
huge surge
economic adviser
current value
early purchase
executive officer
composite trading
per-share earning
short term
long term
extensive program
certain price
open market
early plan
last month
executive officer
several quarter
different community
next year
composite trading
vice president
public offering
common stock
most piece
same page
American education
many difference
Japanese culture
Japanese child
many people
American child
former chairman
executive officer
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
national product
industrialized nation
economic growth
advanced country
Japanese people
natural resource
political party
last election
modern government
back seat
modern system
much choice
cheap good
Japanese government
pharmaceutical company
international conference
much time
high price
foreign pressure
such method
political country
minor role
most bill
most bill
full discussion
difficult bill
recent example
commercial activity
enormous sense
direct tax
direct tax
most people
indirect tax
Japanese people
new law
political donation
political scandal
most man
congressional election
nuclear power
industrialized nation
ultimate choice
small government
free trade
open country
other party
traditional track
large government
Japanese people
political experiment
financial market
last year
high percentage
industrial use
military operation
most day
professional staff
last year
same engineer
next month
African control
current estimate
huge machine
concrete block
federal aid
unsuccessful proposal
local government
local increase
legislative session
temporary rise
last resort
main home
new limit
first mortgage
different year
same buyer
old case
imminent filing
independent contractor
small bill
large bill
electrical engineer
certain fee
substantial government
special interest
big advertiser
past year
chief executive
real value
executive officer
general interest
heavy issue
unexpected earning
third quarter
net income
foreign exchange
composite trading
third quarter
third quarter
fourth quarter
volatile earning
first quarter
second quarter
real estate
real estate
limited opportunity
troubled property
real estate
federal agency
real estate
real estate
major corporation
foreign development
residential development
real estate
real estate
joint venture
big project
soft market
real estate
financial institution
own game
national accounting
large company
other source
high priority
real estate
Soviet partner
joint project
new indication
outstanding example
mutual benefit
historic step
further trade
joint venture
Soviet union
recent year
Italian restaurant
second hotel
Soviet owner
national airline
Finnish group
foreign ownership
joint venture
big one
such venture
foreign exchange
current arrangement
major investment
new post
vice president
primary responsibility
vice president
vice president
vice president
second thought
Japanese apple
other apple
recent survey
good word
different apple
American apple
new apple
low price
few year
favorite apple
good look
Japanese apple
high quality
big food
fresh apple
other place
first crop
next year
human year
most apple
great eye
red look
American value
more emphasis
common stock
consolidated investment
many state
local government
high-risk transaction
few people
federal government
much money
federal budget
direct loan
primary loan
secondary guarantee
huge concern
own right
Federal credit
federal lending
extraordinary growth
federal deficit
recent event
federal credit
last month
other credit
small business
good shape
potential government
federal government
direct loan
primary guarantee
secondary guarantee
principal cause
current crisis
legitimate benefit
fundamental conflict
original goal
legal method
legal restriction
interstate banking
agricultural sector
huge government
such loan
future earning
particular amount
low interest
good incentive
most credit
little reason
substantial assistance
long way
reasonable success
preferred lender
bad debt
new government
simple policy
new credit
effective device
true cost
federal budget
direct loan
least part
new guarantee
future liability
current deficit
direct loan
net cost
private lender
private owner
federal guarantee
current system
new credit
real cost
standard accounting
administrative practice
creative accounting
federal credit
Many agency
new loan
direct loan
bad loan
recent audit
federal credit
private lending
financial crisis
good information
fraudulent activity
such reform
vice president
senior officer
new effort
vice president
line-item veto
such authority
constitutional amendment
line-item veto
individual item
big spending
entire bill
presidential power
congressional spending
line-item veto
such power
line-item veto
top initiative
vice president
vice president
important project
agricultural trade
current round
considerable flexibility
considerable support
new trade
clear rule
domestic service
European country
late plan
foreign competition
certain product
heavy volume
new package
minor trade
certain condition
current attempt
more competition
continued growth
net income
Per-share figure
2-for-1 stock
last month
modest rise
domestic sale
substantial increase
overseas result
international segment
more promotion
second quarter
second quarter
lackluster result
first quarter
last year
anticipated price
vice president
good chance
big factor
second half
executive officer
remarkable success
international operation
high hope
domestic operation
few year
other minority
federal court
municipal government
maximum number
electoral district
federal court
new goal
more minority
political office
political process
essential indicator
public office
good way
essential goal
complex problem
other minority
black politician
black person
white politician
different district
own commitment
political leadership
new district
black leader
full opportunity
several member
white population
political leader
public policy
unusual situation
safe district
racial minority
federal suit
electoral district
white district
white group
black candidate
white candidate
black interest
federal court
white minority
black mayor
racial issue
electoral district
economic interest
small farmer
narrow interest
common good
good government
common interest
white district
new guideline
such order
third party
considerable criticism
due process
existing requirement
anticipated impact
third party
appropriate time
third party
legitimate business
third party
legitimate business
third party
third party
first proceeding
domestic manufacturer
heavy incentive
other auto
mixed result
annual selling
small improvement
big drop
fourth-quarter production
year-ago level
vice president
domestic auto
domestic truck
early use
short supply
domestic car
last year
only vehicle
domestic car
recent period
daily sale
short interest
over-the-counter stock
short interest
composite index
initial plunge
short interest
chief economist
other step
short interest
sharp rise
short interest
short interest
short seller
short seller
short interest
many stock
short interest
big stock
short interest
short interest
short interest
short interest
short selling
overall market
short interest
big stock
short interest
short interest
short interest
short interest
short interest
short interest
daily trading
small stock
daily volume
short interest
short position
Arab world
good hope
prime minister
weak force
over-the-counter market
computer-driven sell-off
many market
subsequent rally
industrial average
over-the-counter market
big technology
recent session
active issue
active stock
several strike
retail equity
labor-management buy-out
computer-guided selling
over-the-counter market
over-the-counter market
listed stock
sharp swing
foreign investor
computer-guided program
own account
certain stock
other trader
huge loss
recent volatility
big position
over-the-counter trading
many trader
common stock
third-quarter earning
net income
recent quarter
fourth quarter
third-quarter net
previous year
late quarter
advisory cost
Soviet violation
clear violation
new agreement
new loan
Soviet government
other thing
own test
Soviet decision
military facility
soft line
significant number
last year
Soviet counterpart
last year
scientific community
political debate
preferred stock
potential number
several week
other alternative
preferred share
common share
common share
preferred share
preferred stock
large portion
corporate ownership
financial structure
large degree
official shareholder
high bid
other group
large utility
other bidding
secured creditor
unsecured creditor
big change
full operation
nuclear power
preferred stock
previous offer
previous proposal
financial adviser
good recovery
preferred shareholder
common shareholder
other bidder
safe bet
private farmer
new government
last year
private market
high price
young farmer
old state
next truck
private market
private network
new manufacturing
great asset
private farmer
real entrepreneur
top priority
popular support
private farm
big state
private farmer
private farmer
own land
poor school
few doctor
good friend
good farm
private challenge
more time
old system
cold cut
American flag
expensive machine
rural entrepreneur
political party
local election
poor place
Many people
thin man
big business
cultural center
short-term spending
broad support
new revenue
last week
prominent role
very committee
American people
general emergency
last month
immediate impact
great difficulty
new funding
federal highway
high price
real estate
federal regulation
national average
small business
hard hit
final approval
total funding
military construction
last year
severe cut
next year
more yesterday
final trading
federal spending
House-Senate conference
next month
crude oil
natural gas
second round
other oil
late move
further reduction
other oil
third-quarter earning
two-year period
last night
public announcement
most oil
third-quarter earning
low earning
third quarter
foreign operation
daily output
next year
overseas operation
many incentive
new policy
mayoral candidate
new guideline
new guideline
considerable criticism
due process
alleged tax
legitimate business
new rule
last week
remarkable speech
bright spot
next week
first network
favorable review
strong indication
vice president
last week
available television
lead character
right focus
little party
economic outlook
volatile stock
major currency
early boost
30-year bond
consecutive decline
low inflation
durable good
future plant
annual rate
low rate
next week
foreign investor
early loss
recent trouble
major market
30-year bond
near future
big house
last week
many year
new production
last week
many thing
first act
little note
active set
last week
big hand
good form
same production
great party
last act
long meeting
dead child
common sense
same market
general director
other day
strange piece
own contribution
high standard
slow part
large cash
young director
young director
French magazine
domestic bond
total fee
small investor
administrative cost
political reform
first time
European country
eastern bloc
major issue
such matter
Spanish official
Soviet government
economic relation
next month
official news
other area
natural gas
vice minister
foreign affair
such matter
French enterprise
new product
special agent
federal employee
chief prosecutor
federal employee
federal agent
additional time
second child
next year
large maker
next year
commercial customer
unusual event
net income
third quarter
composite trading
current period
fourth-quarter revenue
last year
fourth quarter
last year
net income
last year
next year
net income
new product
professional operation
year-earlier period
per-share earning
2-for-1 stock
executive officer
third-quarter sale
competitive environment
domestic consumer
negative impact
third quarter
composite trading
substantial sale
health-care cost
professional division
solid growth
domestic consumer
retail health
intense competition
overseas sale
economic turmoil
year-earlier result
current quarter
last year
fourth quarter
third period
single country
recent gain
liquid yield
initial offering
common share
common share
initial offering
common share
top executive
York-based company
composite trading
last week
negative comment
chief business
American company
preferred stock
many customer
several lawsuit
general counsel
vice president
general counsel
separate sale
vice president
third-quarter result
net income
year-earlier period
daily volume
recent pace
previous sale
recent sale
executive officer
composite trading
good investment
executive officer
corporate counsel
financial reason
good company
composite trading
advanced form
popular book
old story
natural history
early 1970s
good deal
sufficient relief
vast majority
normal rule
moral responsibility
big place
right condition
new guideline
last summer
first time
certain circumstance
new direction
white-collar defendant
aggressive use
corporate defendant
new guideline
legitimate business
third party
certain limit
corporate defendant
individual case
considerable criticism
last week
temporary increase
federal government
unspecified amount
special session
new tax
influential legislator
temporary sale
more money
federal government
immediate source
deputy press
low taxis
three-year period
temporary tax
assistant director
broad support
sufficient fund
high portion
late 1970s
permanent basis
more highway
new revenue
existing resource
federal help
last week
legal battle
reasonable change
non-U.S. capital
10-year note
noncallable issue
subordinated note
noncallable issue
10-year note
noncallable issue
noncallable issue
10-year note
noncallable issue
10-year note
general obligation
consolidated loan
insured bond
general obligation
serial bond
current interest
insured bond
lead underwriter
current interest
current interest
minimum tax
minimum tax
general obligation
public improvement
equity-purchase warrant
European portion
Asian portion
equity-purchase warrant
equity-purchase warrant
equity-purchase warrant
Swiss franc
convertible note
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
convertible bond
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
convertible note
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
own business
many reason
small business
own business
local regulator
last week
existing law
small business
federal regulation
large entity
small business
legislative aide
other lawmaker
small enterprise
red tape
red tape
red tape
red tape
public good
own business
red tape
other product
red tape
other company
substantial resource
senior executive
other form
red tape
many entrepreneur
red tape
environmental regulation
medical insurance
regulatory paper
environmental law
red tape
thin metal
environmental regulator
stiff penalty
big problem
small business
great deal
recent law
own pension
federal benefit
small business
existing plan
last year
other service
legitimate business
vice president
last spring
regional theater
traditional value
first production
European director
ideological fight
individual character
musical director
sound system
separate character
real reason
vocal instrument
past century
American business
corporate client
hostile takeover
hostile tender
foreign company
legal firm
white knight
few day
single day
brief battle
big takeover
advisory fee
other investment
advisory fee
friendly buy-out
net income
bad asset
unexpected trouble
recent quarter
interest-rate problem
third quarter
troubled asset
real estate
troubled asset
real estate
such property
third quarter
such downturn
healthy one
new capital
massive thrift
real estate
real estate
last week
net income
major bank
late week
average yield
six-month CD
one-year CD
individual investor
much rate
narrow range
last spring
average yield
three-month CD
late week
long-term CD
average yield
two-year CD
five-year CD
only CD
major brokerage
significant increase
average yield
late week
average yield
one-year CD
small investor
average yield
average yield
two-year average
same amount
small change
major bank
six-month CD
money-market deposit
retail concern
annual meeting
financial firm
domestic equipment
real estate
annual meeting
outside investment
electric part
new company
late venture
electric part
first year
third quarter
unusual gain
year-earlier period
leveraged buy-out
year-earlier result
year-earlier quarter
big rally
last half
active issue
close yesterday
bad loss
subsequent rally
regular airline
third market
third market
first indication
likely target
early day
critical time
heavy trading
heavy buying
last half
special step
massive buying
last half
sudden price
late order
current account
previous month
next year
late survey
interest-rate increase
economic committee
next spring
high rate
chief weapon
major currency
economic policy
great threat
late government
retail price
Many economist
next year
next year
current slump
major economy
high inflation
low growth
several month
European economy
single market
late trade
positive news
monthly trade
current account
big deficit
competitive position
British industry
high-quality import
automotive conglomerate
ordinary share
high price
potential investor
real future
hard time
last year
other investor
big problem
basic problem
such venture
big hurdle
low end
total ownership
special sale
quarterly dividend
quarterly dividend
fourth quarter
several line
leveraged buy-out
net income
year-earlier loss
per-share earning
year-ago loss
strong profit
high interest
low earning
long-term contract
public sector
environmental segment
high sale
low earning
previous year
late quarter
pretax gain
last year
pretax provision
other power
executive officer
executive officer
French insurer
French people
British tobacco
financial-services giant
last year
top management
quick yesterday
negative aspect
certain tax
few year
joint venture
financial institution
industrial corporation
second sale
long term
limited partnership
available cash
top officer
top officer
limited partnership
composite trading
Canadian dollar
net income
loan-loss provision
Canadian cent
third-quarter earning
net income
year-earlier period
late result
financial officer
overall performance
year-ago period
composite trading
common share
natural resource
long-term debt
Canadian dollar
federal prosecutor
only day
federal district
same court
corporate image
future defense
tough stance
federal authority
internal investigation
internal company
grand jury
false claim
alleged scheme
current case
same individual
new contract
anticipated effort
corporate character
first meeting
subsequent meeting
federal contract
additional information
technical dispute
criminal activity
difficult issue
definitive agreement
next year
military space
late yesterday
independent director
recent day
executive officer
only bidder
current effort
major shareholder
steep drop
renewed fear
100-share index
initial pressure
high interest
30-share index
low turnover
institutional interest
broad decline
late decline
early support
favorable brokerage
European interest
British life
composite insurer
British life
composite insurer
next year
first loss
early trading
first section
first section
much participation
future gain
such sentiment
large amount
large amount
high set
large amount
past couple
bad factor
wide range
small amount
wide range
other hand
thin dealing
domestic development
downward trend
heavy trading
small investor
last week
municipal election
federal election
big fight
main goal
blue-chip issue
several market
major stock
formal merger
large bank
joint statement
separate board
general meeting
financial position
financial institution
new way
regulatory affair
red flag
financial datum
federal government
hard look
new disclosure
new study
several month
recent year
few home
vast majority
more home
several lawmaker
few year
much energy
necessary amount
several year
top official
few bank
real estate
financial institution
legal challenge
powerful player
other cable
last week
large cable
other cable
large customer
other business
legal challenge
antitrust suit
outside counsel
legal plan
much market
more power
legal observer
other development
antitrust suit
urban system
exclusive contract
new contract
preliminary injunction
British company
certain image
important component
federal trial
federal law
preliminary injunction
administrative proceeding
few week
promotional fare
general slowdown
major carrier
third-quarter result
net loss
fourth quarter
many analyst
last spring
many carrier
certain market
many airline
ambitious order
positive effect
recent week
numerous fare
back customer
last week
first class
net income
fourth quarter
third-quarter result
third quarter
late period
many analyst
quarterly loss
composite trading
same problem
other industry
domestic traffic
third quarter
hefty fare
average fare
other fare
certain day
previous year
last year
normal rate
third quarter
few year
low pay
new employee
many carrier
last month
adverse effect
few people
sudden improvement
early forecast
next year
major part
American culture
vice president
public service
new TV
many people
other advertiser
single product
exclusive advertising
financial service
creative executive
executive officer
creative head
international role
top post
international role
last week
last year
third-quarter net
year-earlier period
Australian dollar
further expansion
consolidated debt
Australian dollar
Australian medium
overall loss
fiscal year
large loss
corporate history
past year
consolidated debt
annual account
fiscal year
Australian interest
high level
principal lender
fiscal year
stable balance
many car
flat sale
next year
German auto
new model
continued slump
gold price
net income
composite trading
significant increase
gold sale
third quarter
continued decline
gold price
new cash
short-term bill
third quarter
year-earlier result
after-tax charge
severe cost
fiscal year
domestic demand
high production
Japanese manufacturer
domestic demand
new tax
high commodity
great growth
total truck
first half
fiscal year
same period
more investor
other transaction
severe sell-off
composite trading
takeover-stock trader
corporate raider
entire market
industrial average
big purchase
final hour
real estate
antitrust rule
huge loss
labor-management buy-out
takeover-stock trader
failed transaction
early estimate
next month
labor-management group
last price
financial market
300-a-share offer
last month
takeover-stock trader
many arbitrage
many report
special shareholder
past proposal
corporate raider
hostile move
first buy-out
second-largest airline
new offer
formal offer
low price
net income
net income
year-ago period
strong result
large newspaper
fourth quarter
eastern market
chief executive
early sell-off
recent decline
imminent price
foreign exchange
senior metal
technical nature
large number
modest buying
little effect
next year
next area
preliminary estimate
national product
more selling
economic number
specific market
durable good
durable good
economic indicator
international metal
same period
last year
normal ratio
last year
long position
other commodity
crude oil
narrow range
several analyst
crude rally
industrial average
most market
precious metal
lackluster trading
fundamental factor
Soviet sale
precious metal
financial market
close yesterday
high ratio
narrow range
strong selling
Chinese government
metric ton
other export
significant amount
next year
commercial company
next year
first quarter
metric ton
heavy selling
own account
commercial interest
senior commodity
weak dollar
bearish trader
recent high
last time
modest decline
preferred stock
major creditor
common stock
common stock
last month
other creditor
other creditor
fiscal year
composite trading
leveraged buy-out
next day
blue-chip buy-out
future deal
legal action
fat profit
second time
new entity
partial payment
other hand
preferred share
annual return
entire equity
hard time
recent year
preliminary plan
particular offer
major player
other side
common equity
new bond
current problem
big holder
legal option
new money
new equity
new fuel
new money
original investment
more money
strong earning
quarterly dividend
new dividend
minor adjustment
third quarter
composite trading
190-point plunge
bad case
futures-related program
industrial average
wide range
more volatility
technical analyst
many call
stock-index future
brief period
critical moment
stock-index arbitrage
big buy
computer-driven program
main force
bad news
immediate buy-out
preliminary price
other stock
special computer
many trader
big brokerage
big future
stock-index buy
other side
late price
combined buying
small gain
slight loss
institutional trader
wild swing
big block
Japanese buy
heavy volume
Japanese buy
corporate development
other issue
other airline
third-quarter loss
year-ago profit
cyclical company
third-quarter earning
other stock
last week
structural damage
third-quarter earning
fourth-quarter result
international marketing
composite volume
third-quarter result
next week
recent price
common share
third-quarter earning
quarterly dividend
annual dividend
third-quarter earning
year-ago period
net income
last year
legal expense
preferred dividend
net loss
recent quarter
last year
third quarter
composite trading
fourth quarter
previous year
year-ago period
third-quarter loss
additional increase
legal expense
prior period
third quarter
net premium
last year
net premium
few policy
flat price
nine-month result
senior note
senior note
recent sale
fresh air
volatile stock
more hit
institutional investor
nervous stock
retail account
commercial bank
chief economist
partial recovery
industrial average
low rate
new order
durable good
30-year bond
corporate bond
high-risk bond
enough buyer
other food
existing debt
two-year note
vice president
past supply
low interest
two-year note
average yield
average yield
sluggish demand
similar auction
Japanese participation
Japanese investor
chief economist
two-year note
positive view
next month
Japanese firm
two-year note
30-year bond
initial bond
new government
troubled thrift
small yield
30-year bond
short-term rate
high bidding
low bidding
corporate issue
blue-chip company
new-issue market
large offering
potential debt
10-year note
new debt
secondary trading
corporate bond
municipal bond
new supply
municipal bond
favorable outlook
new supply
new issue
general obligation
true interest
late trading
large purchase
institutional investor
derivative market
new issue
more offering
next day
real estate
asset-backed market
big offering
institutional demand
average life
10-year note
foreign bond
European trading
foreign corporation
high yesterday
European government
quarterly dividend
third quarter
over-the-counter trading
executive officer
vice president
executive officer
federal judge
late announcement
other member
pro-democracy protest
democratic freedom
excessive force
personal paper
sufficient evidence
national security
criminal charge
last week
Israeli effort
federal court
personal use
other aide
first talk
next month
two-day meeting
strategic role
nuclear arm
conventional weapon
East bloc
executive officer
initial plunge
early loss
more investor
possible bidding
heavy incentive
durable good
new round
massive restructuring
next month
third-quarter profit
retail operation
first loss
first mainframe
large market
next year
negative announcement
short interest
over-the-counter market
big gain
quarterly earning
fiscal quarter
legal settlement
continued growth
sixth week
common today
severe blood
enough copy
high risk
several egg
single cell
other couple
early 1970s
big company
most company
such research
genetic engineer
human gene
medical use
other problem
magnetic field
magnetic field
certain point
tiny blood
ultimate hope
federal employee
federal trial
various form
other contract
immediate comment
annual account
large insurance
such claim
open account
serious concern
great uncertainty
individual liability
new measure
new rule
new rule
additional information
second quarter
large software
composite trading
prolonged process
many customer
core area
other product
hard time
first person
next month
last year
poor reputation
direct mail
other advertising
educational experience
few hour
promotional job
late year
creative director
first day
European equity
heavy turnover
unusual step
European bank
quick profit
British auto
British government
outside investor
successful vote
British government
special shareholder
right circumstance
last month
last week
British company
joint venture
next week
specific bid
full bid
such implication
several analyst
recent week
late trading
over-the-counter trading
new competition
last week
four-year effort
European luxury
possible alliance
solid image
new model
British engineering
third-quarter earning
massive restructuring
high earning
other oil
quarterly earning
major oil
net income
last year
Per-share earning
additional share
Per-share earning
new series
preferred stock
net income
high earning
Canadian subsidiary
crude oil
additional output
natural gas
high earning
crude oil
last year
low margin
less demand
net income
one-time gain
two-year period
other area
last year
third-quarter earning
foreign tax
net income
crude oil
environmental program
foreign earning
Australian taxis
third quarter
combined revenue
total revenue
executive officer
good future
net income
continued strength
high equity
Mexican mining
limited partnership
composite trading
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
vice president
financial officer
former finance
next year
vice president
pharmaceutical manufacturing
vice president
pharmaceutical manufacturing
health-care product
common share
long-term prospect
attractive return
composite trading
vice president
Canadian head
vice president
vice president
individual policy
vice president
vice president
real estate
vice president
vice president
vice president
financial officer
vice president
corporate development
new post
vice president
vice president
financial officer
financial-services firm
executive officer
chief executive
tremendous offer
retail site
few year
Philippine merchandise
Philippine export
raw material
definitive agreement
health-care product
medical equipment
executive officer
regional banking
chief credit
previous position
vice chairman
retail sale
federal agency
retail sale
last week
previous week
last week
last week
previous week
same period
last year
Korean export
Korean export
first venture
industrial production
monthly basis
monthly rise
monthly basis
other consumer
high level
recent year
core business
medical product
nuclear plant
new ownership
last year
joint venture
Japanese scientist
healthy cell
further experiment
major advance
only treatment
several analyst
Japanese scientist
more work
healthy cell
human patient
next year
wide exposure
Japanese medium
pharmaceutical stock
future use
Japanese industry
several uncertainty
possible side
other cell
human body
widespread problem
many company
substantial resource
recent year
past year
clinical test
more drug
human testing
pharmaceutical maker
potential threat
common share
global offering
common stock
subordinated debenture
subordinated discount
initial offering
initial offering
common stock
common stock
common share
subordinated note
initial offering
common share
initial offering
common share
recent market
labor-management buy-out
convertible capital
British right
global stock
obvious reason
obvious reason
good result
convertible capital
common share
primary underwriter
institutional investor
most institution
high debt
short term
national airline
definitive agreement
failed right
modest impact
late trading
convertible bond
ordinary share
open market
executive officer
fair employment
top management
other minority
industrial company
little evidence
Many company
most firm
top management
quarterly review
big market
American employee
own show
Japanese company
American practice
open market
own talent
Japanese executive
strategic information
American colleague
Japanese firm
American company
labor-management board
long-term care
medium-sized employer
advisory service
less time
young colleague
first time
single day
inner city
only staff
last summer
most employer
big gain
municipal election
major city
key district
rural district
mixed result
surprising gain
early election
primary issue
next year
national election
current law
British citizen
British politician
parliamentary inquiry
next month
British investigation
alleged war
Soviet union
first time
military use
last year
sophisticated production
few year
international water
emotional discussion
basic wage
similar move
further negotiation
striking worker
last week
minimum wage
last week
first fraud
major case
recent year
effective management
more detail
local resident
last year
interstate road
great travel
other factor
great speed
interstate highway
last year
last year
own loan
deep trouble
fiscal year
low level
possible loan
fiscal year
net income
financial market
wrong incentive
economic development
traditional project
interest-rate policy
public utility
important building
international competition
private sector
private sector
longstanding concern
extensive credit
foreign investment
central planning
possible use
next year
important one
retail outlet
private company
agricultural good
retail outlet
basic consumer
most economist
Chinese plant
subsequent test
Chinese plant
effective measure
major drug
large segment
full range
various task
local police
full time
other crime
previous plan
high-yield security
new company
new term
domestic franchise
common share
possible reduction
common stock
preferred stock
common stock
huge premium
major advantage
less debt
old term
current trading
private investor
high road
low road
sluggish trading
modest rally
most issue
major currency
economic outlook
corporate earning
durable good
first assessment
economic growth
durable good
third quarter
second quarter
weekly gain
last week
corporate profit
economic growth
fourth quarter
chief investment
real concern
new problem
major market
sluggish trading
30-year bond
major currency
American way
different question
other factor
American way
same issue
big customer
competitive level
antitrust suit
new service
special rate
such package
similar program
new marketing
several product
automotive product
other magazine
same direction
quick offering
extensive plan
residential real-estate
big ad
small firm
small business
many year
economic loss
common sense
corporate manager
own business
high failure
good chance
few month
overnight success
small group
American business
same thing
hard way
vice president
chief marketing
chief executive
former executive
few year
start-up company
last year
last year
former executive
major problem
other interest
recent failure
new publication
new magazine
new food
next summer
first issue
tough advertising
same period
last year
total magazine
same period
tough advertising
risky business
young woman
right time
other brand
limited life
new ground
independent magazine
new magazine
hot magazine
annual sale
past century
American business
new owner
other bank
foreign bank
federal insurance
foreign-exchange loss
many figure
illegal abuse
Italian financier
other venture
financial adviser
human behavior
legal consulting
legal world
other service
political consulting
huge sum
such advice
successful defense
antitrust charge
new business
total revenue
social scientist
American jury
real life
political case
sophisticated trial
political movement
commercial case
antitrust case
technical case
actual jury
next day
hard thing
complex case
organized way
antitrust case
real jury
Indian rain
right type
punitive damage
such people
most people
such people
negative attitude
particular movie
good case
minimal role
classic defense
major role
good trial
Many lawyer
small community
public sentiment
few attorney
big trial
huge case
most lawyer
last thing
civil case
such challenge
complex case
first lawyer
extensive jury
personal information
federal government
big competitor
wide range
scientific need
other hand
recent year
low price
special graphics
expensive machine
near future
executive officer
first quarter
year-ago period
year-ago quarter
expensive change
regulatory effort
annual value
world-wide production
environmental meeting
liquid form
alternative technology
related topic
global warming
scientific community
next century
natural process
late 1970s
many year
current device
cold water
global warming
big money
wide publicity
big company
environmental movement
Japanese chemical
new market
new crisis
environmental group
late threat
huge market
alternative energy
new crisis
other word
whole set
many problem
public debate
environmental disaster
impending threat
small business
organized labor
minimum wage
many state
small business
minimum wage
other state
tiny concern
low training
central state
small business
similar proposal
next year
small business
private employer
similar proposal
other state
small business
close vote
small business
small business
small business
recent city
stated policy
small contract
temporary service
small concern
wide flexibility
small business
small business
local initiative
retail sale
small business
small business
other thing
new phone
many owner
old supply
old stock
new rule
new franchise
such change
costly process
such buyer
net worth
annual income
recent experience
small business
foreign ownership
other word
first day
normal business
several week
several month
first time
major employer
odd hour
many worker
several week
financial district
average day
many indication
new work
major corporation
big role
many car
normal business
vice president
extraordinary measure
old way
first game
deep thought
second game
strong point
good one
standard measure
human player
dangerous knight
only question
advanced knight
broad range
new position
serious problem
such position
defensive move
minor piece
much hope
good challenge
extra bit
sophisticated investor
effective yield
five-year CD
major bank
great deal
annual return
zero-coupon CD
deep discount
effective yield
additional amount
federal deposit
current market
several phone
current value
many people
educational group
big problem
zero-coupon CD
secondary market
full disclosure
secondary market
zero-coupon CD
zero-coupon CD
financial consultant
Federal deposit
full disclosure
many investor
other complaint
secondary market
small portion
secondary market
small part
financial institution
zero-coupon CD
zero-coupon CD
various maturity
zero-coupon investment
zero-coupon CD
zero-coupon CD
zero-coupon CD
secondary market
only one
full amount
standard CD
secondary market
zero-coupon CD
simple pricing
standard CD
low rate
other spirit
American producer
foreign company
recent year
British company
domestic spirit
recent year
foreign market
last year
standard industry
American company
domestic product
federal marketing
old drink
other spirit
other country
upscale image
foreign country
American product
vice president
world-wide spirit
last year
other category
last year
other type
international advertising
other industry
local agent
old man
different country
net income
third quarter
strong advertising
year-earlier period
composite trading
daily newspaper
net income
last week
top show
common stock
adequate energy
monetary policy
historical level
immediate impact
industrial system
favorable impact
federal fund
economic growth
most part
third-quarter earning
hefty sale
net income
late period
last year
last year
actual decline
composite trading
tough time
hefty gain
good store
promotional effort
domestic outlet
low food
real term
Third-quarter sale
promotional program
new product
foreign currency
fourth quarter
good growth
more store
domestic expansion
third quarter
common stock
composite trading
early yesterday
Finnish shipyard
tremendous amount
next month
second ship
high price
fiscal year
per-share earning
much money
total cost
various stage
total cost
several month
last month
third-quarter profit
low sale
single business
net income
year-earlier level
vice chairman
administrative officer
specific earning
Third-quarter net
previous estimate
third-quarter report
other part
new truck
late report
slight improvement
major business
discontinued operation
extraordinary charge
composite trading
environmental issue
broad movement
local politics
initial step
environmental conference
last month
central planning
industrial behavior
similar market
environmental law
detailed report
Polish water
solid waste
national product
national average
annual growth
environmental resource
heavy industry
economic development
natural resource
environmental progress
true ownership
wrong decision
separate industry
next year
foreign debt
international assistance
environmental effect
individual firm
clear rule
large block
complex issue
creative financing
environmental solution
new type
Polish datum
public participation
free market
planned economy
environmental protection
industrial society
environmental management
former head
regulatory reform
over-the-counter market
other technology
composite index
giant insurance
low volume
vice president
routine sell-off
big gain
last week
daily volume
busy month
lackluster earning
disappointing forecast
net income
third quarter
other technology
last week
new company
limited partnership
more attention
late round
annual earning
good news
small growth
popular growth
mixed session
real estate
high earning
effective education
human nature
human nature
young people
American parent
young people
good opinion
same parent
decent education
common sense
American education
common sense
common sense
simple reason
disappointing result
such course
such people
first place
important factor
educational crisis
educational problem
narrow purpose
other thing
such evidence
American education
successful school
same message
unsuccessful school
educational reform
political leader
controversial option
comprehensive development
educational system
educational program
early exposure
first grade
bad idea
enough time
bad idea
large city
local politician
would-be politician
other city
most state
current circumstance
educational research
small class
academic performance
other reason
new money
administrative structure
more paper
real term
other country
educational performance
main purpose
further study
modern world
young man
right mind
new one
educational experience
American student
Japanese student
large measure
good school
powerful head
academic performance
broad strategy
big problem
most machine
main computer
other operation
many manufacturer
different computer
different machine
specific product
first quarter
broad software
single industry
similar strategy
other industry
own manufacturing
specific need
such thing
top marketing
soft performance
slow turnover
large brokerage
fiscal year
12-month term
same period
pretax profit
net income
six-month period
fiscal year
fiscal year
pretax profit
net income
Per-share net
pretax profit
six-month term
net income
Per-share net
pretax profit
net income
Per-share net
pretax profit
net income
Per-share net
retail gas
past year
additional job
executive officer
executive officer
vice president
secured lender
unsecured creditor
unsecured creditor
exclusive right
existing capital
new stock
sole holder
new credit
subordinated debt
fiscal year
500-stock index
new regulation
new capital
such asset
mortgage-backed security
new law
consecutive month
dramatic effect
seasonal factor
new law
big factor
previous month
mortgage-backed security
prior month
mortgage-backed security
net deposit
big change
prior year
national product
economic growth
important implication
other measure
reasonable degree
early 1980s
negative force
official output
downward bias
further study
economic datum
major source
possible increase
annual rate
downward bias
final business
overall growth
second source
downward bias
real business
official estimate
new price
large increase
durable good
early estimate
further research
downward bias
domestic business
other word
private business
net income
previous year
other company
so-called commodity
third quarter
late quarter
chief market
composite trading
third quarter
real test
several week
new price
third quarter
late quarter
other product
integrated circuit
nationwide effort
legal trouble
guilty plea
last month
several people
big state
easy treatment
guilty plea
civil settlement
federal investigation
general counsel
legal problem
internal debate
specific issue
chief security
other state
general counsel
hard line
additional information
several security
additional information
other matter
particular issue
profitable junk-bond
legal difficulty
legal battle
good job
guilty plea
several year
bad thing
retail business
net loss
net loss
late quarter
comparable figure
vice president
big number
domestic record
third quarter
net income
combined revenue
late quarter
year-ago time
third-quarter loss
same basis
third quarter
year-ago loss
big hit
other hand
high advertising
low ad
major magazine
year-ago quarter
composite trading
executive officer
early retirement
common stock
further comment
new board
vice president
corporate affair
chief executive
troubled bank
savings-and-loan law
other member
last week
real estate
other candidate
important position
long ty
last year
influential people
vice chairman
additional position
principal unit
executive officer
vice chairman
chief credit
corporate board
vice president
long-term debt
past performance
other banking
substantial assistance
enormous claim
unprecedented disaster
last week
same time
dissident group
last year
fast pace
lackluster return
after-tax return
recent year
five-year period
future loss
five-year period
personal liability
huge profit
last pound
five-year period
former employer
dissident group
potential loss
British businessman
profitable product
primary property
past decade
low rate
big oil
big chunk
risky venture
big challenge
great market
other people
vast body
bottom end
catastrophic loss
certain type
primary property
new product
new market
easy task
vast trading
few computer
fellow underwriter
outside world
high rate
such disaster
financial result
pretax profit
high rate
few claim
low cost
modern technology
routine policy
only auto
such policy
limited market
such change
internal committee
next year
vice chairman
second-largest security
Japanese firm
day-to-day operation
executive officer
deputy president
domestic market
global investment
large security
net income
several observer
international operation
domestic market
foreign market
Japanese firm
institutional investor
Japanese equity
several month
same time
stiff competition
American competitor
strong link
institutional investor
single piece
own account
few month
corporate bond
Japanese stock
American bond
international organization
computerized trading
large capital
influential position
Japanese corporation
institutional investor
Japanese security
individual investor
international operation
new thing
political support
retail sale
domestic stock
large portion
Japanese security
retail sale
net income
quarterly dividend
special dividend
composite trading
special dividend
few month
special dividend
last year
quarterly dividend
third quarter
special gain
late quarter
temporary cut
high level
common share
labor-management buy-out
labor-management group
last week
major setback
large equity
labor-management bid
bad news
composite trading
new bid
first trade
regular trading
daily gain
consecutive loss
original deal
informal proposal
public hand
other offer
future offer
other action
financial alternative
broad public
continued development
independent company
full attention
new relationship
brief time
significant wage
extra hour
last night
labor-management bid
substantial wage
additional cost
financial officer
low financing
new offer
other plan
written consent
special dividend
hostile move
hostile move
second setback
last month
major investor
random access
last year
executive officer
major corporation
active consideration
executive branch
impending coup
public service
American people
congressional inquiry
executive branch
foreign policy
executive branch
first responsibility
fellow coup
executive order
last week
executive order
few day
executive order
various committee
other word
heavy penalty
good seller
many people
executive action
national security
good reason
executive order
same thing
such situation
executive order
only way
last week
recent year
long stretch
immediate report
last night
late yesterday
composite trading
late yesterday
critical condition
second round
federal judge
organized crime
alleged profit
first time
organized crime
organized crime
numerous defendant
other thing
organized crime
top official
future dealing
other labor
third-quarter earning
major business
last spring
early result
quarterly profit
late quarter
high earning
late quarter
huge oil
first half
additional charge
future earning
potential effect
net income
third quarter
third quarter
other oil
third quarter
crude oil
most oil
third quarter
same period
last year
one-time charge
fourth quarter
quarterly revenue
net income
10-year dispute
after-tax charge
anticipated cost
Third-quarter earning
third-quarter earning
high oil
after-tax gain
net income
late quarter
after-tax gain
late period
various oil
domestic oil
early retirement
late period
net gain
net income
third quarter
comparable period
last year
same period
last year
low stake
crude oil
natural gas
net income
non-U.S. capital
subordinated debenture
other detail
current interest
current interest
high yield
original issue
lead underwriter
serial bond
certain investor
total volume
full fee
full fee
full fee
Canadian dollar
full fee
Australian dollar
full fee
four-year history
asset-backed market
large issue
average life
original balance
final maturity
old show
previous show
big company
cyclical stock
big debt
economic slowdown
heavy debt
other hand
blue-chip issue
Many money
big debt
vice president
first thing
cyclical stock
second thing
blue chip
low debt
recent investment
economic downturn
long-term debt
real estate
real value
tiny portion
500-stock index
most exposure
last summer
third-quarter earning
blue-chip issue
composite trading
third-quarter earning
year-ago level
continued problem
active issue
federal regulator
additional capital
daily trading
third-quarter earning
other stock
Third-quarter earning
last week
labor-management group
last month
unsuccessful offer
last year
common share
Finnish shipyard
financial trouble
next group
tough guy
new school
old job
serious reform
general public
first experience
troubled school
top priority
dead hand
public school
previous challenge
old job
good one
new board
many school
central mission
less attention
such venture
former president
vice president
new bank
additional newspaper
additional newspaper
former president
vice president
recent year
own newspaper
own paper
own statement
few year
sole interest
executive officer
top post
large client
vice president
corporate affair
executive responsibility
chief executive
financial man
American operation
world-wide agency
chief executive
international operation
international operation
other unit
traditional executive
executive officer
same charity
widespread speculation
top spot
several time
various incentive
international matter
right time
strong hand
other thing
fast car
right guy
public relation
other thing
second career
corporate planning
vice president
many client
executive officer
several year
many part
new account
big one
creative leadership
creative executive
other analyst
long time
annual revenue
new account
many music
secret life
primary mission
such movie
next year
several movie
recent year
own picture
secret life
most movie
original programming
more way
high cost
various market
foreign theater
industrial holding
French stock
French ally
potential takeover
French bank
defensive option
second time
French investment
last month
private-sector insurer
complex bid
large takeover
large battle
last year
tough banker
rapid growth
new bid
large investment
broad pressure
internal trade
French concern
partial dividend
first bid
new takeover
open bid
large stake
financial source
industrial group
current management
crude oil
first quarter
official limit
fourth quarter
several market
such facility
small amount
plastic product
immediate estimate
technical consideration
downward pressure
other commodity
continued yesterday
metric ton
last week
previous buyer
short seller
further decline
senior commodity
short seller
small rally
short selling
steep fall
weak dollar
such support
British pound
significant support
precious metal
cold fusion
extra heat
good support
such sale
cold fusion
many trader
high level
chief supplier
Many analyst
Western commodity
bearish news
fair weather
strong farmer
own weight
past week
major purchase
late drop
old contract
new estimate
metric ton
modest increase
metric ton
previous year
sharp rally
near level
such price
joint venture
bad news
economic datum
such news
economic weakness
durable good
big boost
big sell-off
30-year bond
corporate bond
corporate security
more evidence
narrow range
negative news
negative side
constant supply
other hand
economic news
low yield
two-year note
new government
troubled thrift
first bond
30-year bond
other bond
much interest
two-year note
asset-backed security
institutional buyer
asset-backed security
second-largest issue
four-year history
original yield
apparent effort
huge offering
asset-backed deal
high yesterday
light trading
30-year bond
10-year note
two-year note
short-term rate
previous bill
three-month bill
average discount
average discount
last week
high bidding
low bidding
corporate issue
quiet trading
high-quality credit
strong credit
subordinated debenture
high-yield market
high-yield deal
new plan
derivative market
real estate
more deal
heavy activity
derivative market
active issue
late yesterday
average life
10-year note
new issue
chief offering
much activity
secondary market
lead underwriter
slow side
aggressive pricing
recent disaster
good start
lead underwriter
heavy investor
last week
foreign bond
Japanese government
bearish sentiment
German bond
British government
quiet trading
British trade
more year
little radio
negative answer
old gas
different life
big stretch
last year
joint venture
German electronics
joint venture
electronic part
large electronics
industrial concern
net income
third-quarter profit
automotive supplier
low profit
fourth-quarter dividend
Japanese car
joint production
further detail
European subsidiary
white woman
remarkable life
black woman
most part
bitter experience
new region
false note
most part
early work
free spirit
wide stretch
equal stretch
new show
French citizen
considerable risk
black arm
early year
last year
industrial good
last year
legal entity
good chance
friendly restructuring
principal asset
common stock
most sense
whole company
liquid security
net income
expensive claim
diversified portfolio
less risk
good way
most case
bad publicity
other shareholder
rare case
big majority
near-term growth
financial flexibility
other company
possible moment
friendly hand
short-term stock
net loss
third quarter
Per-share earning
daily trading
common share
extraordinary charge
additional information
composite trading
joint acquisition
common share
electronic product
real estate
public employee
real estate
composite trading
prime property
several office
significant damage
last week
partial sale
real estate
large holder
last year
real estate
first phase
real estate
large shareholder
same time
planned investment
real estate
legal concern
real estate
major commitment
real estate
executive director
additional share
second year
real estate
added capital
immediate interest
real estate
prime portfolio
last year
real estate
real estate
late yesterday
new debt
additional investor
square foot
raw land
real estate
valuable funding
further investment
public employee
final structure
real estate
potential liability
vice chairman
important test
common stock
planned sale
large block
corporate raider
second trial
federal jury
other charge
federal judge
potential fine
much speculation
previous trial
third time
other attorney
dissident group
total amount
future suit
former insurer
public interest
early 1970s
such proceeding
legal challenge
last week
legal issue
first jury
environmental lawyer
civil penalty
criminal provision
last month
criminal penalty
legal group
key issue
appellate review
next friend
appellate review
new case
legal group
federal court
cheap copy
total proceed
executive officer
written announcement
strategic objective
chief executive
sizable bank
independent bank
many industry
real estate
outstanding reputation
bright banker
net income
possible takeover
interstate banking
fat premium
small bank
composite trading
fourth-quarter profit
year-earlier quarter
diversified electronics
fiscal year
last year
last year
last year
net gain
full-year profit
last year
after-tax restructuring
last month
fourth-quarter plunge
composite trading
fourth quarter
other product
top executive
financial-services firm
vice president
vice president
initial funding
mutual-fund product
several week
independent operation
Many aspect
senior manager
executive officer
foreign-exchange dealer
economic news
narrow range
Canadian dollar
high level
Canadian currency
foreign-exchange market
economic datum
preliminary report
national product
total value
annual basis
second quarter
few market
third-quarter figure
strong number
foreign exchange
last piece
good news
more room
second quarter
190-point plunge
major slowdown
little reaction
durable good
bearish sentiment
durable good
anticipated drop
persistent investor
current delivery
estimated volume
early trading
net income
continued strength
new product
net income
late quarter
over-the-counter trading
regular cash
net income
daily gain
early gain
early trading
many observer
moderate gain
first section
first section
foreign currency
institutional investor
monetary policy
general manager
individual stock
specific incentive
wide price
short term
few week
major construction
last week
pharmaceutical share
new product
strong earning
immune control
thin turnover
limited volume
modest gain
current account
near record
senior dealer
100-share index
30-share index
previous low
current account
pretax profit
quiet dealing
early loss
impending wage
next year
small order
low level
thin trading
continued uncertainty
most investor
chief trader
same amount
major stock
environmental engineering
common stock
same price
composite trading
annual revenue
existing tax
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
third-quarter loss
less-developed country
net income
year-earlier period
loan-loss reserve
net income
major bank
big loss
loan-loss reserve
composite trading
normal retirement
vice president
certain investment
constant maturity
next year
full line
electrical device
British maker
industrial part
pretax profit
Pretax profit
late year
extraordinary item
upper end
net loss
per-share loss
net income
third-quarter loss
flat sale
year-earlier period
narrow deficit
high margin
other product
last month
late loss
net income
preferred dividend
common share
common share
initial effort
last spring
giant oil
other oil
specific dollar
assistant attorney
last night
first hour
environmental damage
crucial part
fair weather
third day
positive result
common share
common share
net purchase
personal holding
composite trading
last week
further aid
current restriction
expensive alternative
large state
hostile tone
certain amount
general emergency
private meeting
federal appropriation
existing resource
new appropriation
national disaster
single influence
full force
legislative change
many case
current restriction
federal highway
single state
more resistance
federal aid
private land
real estate
last night
financial alternative
possible sale
chief executive
additional funding
last month
substantial improvement
fiscal year
last year
Per-share earning
total revenue
temporary employment
high-tech company
strong demand
full year
prior year
commercial paper
commercial paper
high-tech equipment
foreign minister
gross violation
military relationship
first strike
nuclear arm
last week
first time
other city
fresh challenge
communist leadership
democratic freedom
independent trade
private meeting
last week
foreign dictator
certain coup
military force
political change
civil war
nuclear force
nuclear planning
two-day session
Soviet bloc
other issue
prime minister
first quarter
year-earlier period
executive officer
more share
real estate
ordinary income
free return
net income
third quarter
last year
net income
effective tax
potential liability
net income
full year
third quarter
last year
net income
last year
last year
federal judge
educational loan
federal standard
serious violation
potential loss
more loan
automotive business
flat sale
high earning
third quarter
automotive product
low earning
automotive unit
foreign-exchange rate
low tax
last year
high sale
composite trading
stiff regulation
last year
small part
new regulation
such vehicle
current situation
such vehicle
third buyer
such vehicle
net income
fourth quarter
year-ago quarter
fiscal year
net income
fiscal year
prior year
previous year
strong demand
continued growth
net income
annual sale
third quarter
last year
quarterly income
total cost
additional unit
other expense
new life
common stock
common stock
common share
over-the-counter trading
labor-management buy-out
several problem
real estate
real estate
third quarter
recent merger
stiff capital
third quarter
main business
top post
hostile takeover
white-collar defendant
stock-index future
legal trouble
leveraged buy-out
high-tech industry
industrial firm
financial problem
third quarter
rapid advance
internal guideline
white-collar defendant
significant change
new requirement
federal prosecutor
normal business
senior department
new guideline
third party
routine process
criminal enterprise
third party
whole business
same party
few day
other senator
first day
last week
federal agency
political contribution
political cause
other lawmaker
regulatory process
many lawmaker
administrative decision
political party
political line
official business
political career
immediate target
principal regulator
potential loss
federal regulator
last week
former staff
federal audit
Democratic aide
Democratic senator
bad position
same time
important provision
controversial plan
several senator
risky investment
wholesale deposit
upper hand
federal regulator
big bank
great question
chief state
high salary
frequent call
specific contribution
regulatory process
last week
American way
old son
last month
initial press
special emphasis
video store
small woman
American purchase
national expansion
specific tone
specific attitude
Russian music
Russian culture
human nature
important part
other show
old friend
editorial people
few year
great restaurant
serious person
difficult memory
relative privilege
vice director
good party
political reason
difficult circumstance
second child
public eye
short order
same building
complex market
big commitment
such word
Soviet economy
major company
small firm
past show
old problem
Western business
Soviet economy
foreign trade
Soviet player
foreign firm
such hurdle
ambitious attempt
Soviet market
joint venture
public fear
Soviet environment
new factor
international firm
Japanese group
foreign trade
economic reason
last week
small group
big expansion
joint venture
several people
Soviet consumer
short supply
Soviet market
big order
few month
next year
one-time affair
joint venture
Western currency
hard currency
Soviet good
international competition
Soviet good
German company
medical concern
same basis
other country
next year
large computer
joint marketing
first quarter
equal offer
foreign presence
large shareholder
private-sector bank
Italian news
large shareholder
final vote
foreign presence
Italian network
strong result
foreign presence
legal action
big insurer
last month
large shareholder
Australian entrepreneur
financial problem
former newspaper
Australian television
Australian dollar
bad news
late move
specific asset
current interest
certain liability
Japanese company
Australian cent
Australian cent
recent problem
Australian interest
domestic airline
Australian resort
regional TV
fiscal year
preliminary account
further detail
adequate provision
certain fee
fiscal year
other party
small portion
senior executive
senior executive
new chip
broad application
several year
commercial quantity
whole range
commercial quantity
first chip
next year
significant part
outside power
few manufacturing
conventional chip
military buyer
central memory
high speed
huge travel
long-distance rate
cheap electronics
nationwide network
live television
other city
formal network
American chip
Japanese company
Japanese charge
last year
aggressive attitude
federal district
new technology
various charge
conventional system
sluggish sale
net income
first quarter
consecutive quarter
big electronics
composite trading
new product
decent job
big business
per-share earning
corporate market
new product
other analyst
strategic move
chief executive
high-risk junk
lucrative junk
bad year
current turmoil
big investment
new offering
mutual fund
many money
vice president
third quarter
negative return
major sector
last year
hefty interest
last month
past couple
many junk
common stock
corporate loan
recent month
heavy selling
traditional investor
new buyer
primary source
high yield
net seller
mutual fund
net seller
poor performance
negative press
liquid issue
congressional legislation
high yield
overall quality
large insurer
big investor
many junk
public bond
big insurer
big junk
major cause
corporate bond
big issue
common stock
new junk
successful offering
nuclear waste
important member
social season
surprising number
next door
certain sector
other day
second floor
important people
good name
other benefit
negative image
important people
executive director
nonprofit organization
average family
weak real-estate
most people
important story
wrong name
social wife
monthly publication
right name
prime minister
mere name
future home
different model
tough battle
American car
vice chairman
new model
separate division
new luxury
standard car
more choice
executive director
same time
many car
combined car
rich market
new brand
foreign auto
next year
slow sale
last week
many choice
American way
young consumer
old buyer
foreign car
domestic car
foreign experience
domestic car
foreign car
good gas
domestic model
foreign car
high quality
other hand
foreign car
automotive business
vice president
vice president
special section
quick service
high price
same way
little appeal
little appeal
narrow appeal
new car
last year
private branch
last month
second time
easy money
last week
new housing
several week
monthly trading
large percentage
such figure
daily average
high level
daily average
daily trading
daily volume
more stock
stock-index arbitrage
opposite trade
stock-index future
controversial form
top program
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index arbitrage
last month
stock-index arbitrage
major investor
federal district
other defendant
financial datum
major loss
improper assessment
wholesale consumer
unspecified damage
traditional thrift
derivative suit
other complaint
original suit
recent article
derivative suit
separate complaint
federal court
top executive
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
British mining
industrial group
pharmaceutical company
annual sale
third quarter
second quarter
former chairman
vice chairman
real estate
common share
high-definition television
high-quality show
new medium
high-definition programming
electronic giant
high-definition software
high-tech medium
white movie
video department
critical link
vice president
general manager
similar machine
potential market
vice president
sound marketing
related product
sharp detail
first set
high price
political scandal
Japanese society
two-day investigation
former aide
independent analyst
favorite form
huge sum
last year
annual list
new restriction
political donation
close ty
foreign group
little time
annual income
annual list
real income
tough restriction
good track
weekly magazine
Korean resident
large donation
Korean resident
other opposition
direct donation
direct donation
Korean resident
Japanese society
alleged donation
Korean money
high school
same night
right choice
slow pace
late 1970s
blue eye
public school
ambitious student
first note
only note
important experience
first movement
only time
controversial one
slow section
conventional fare
normal person
hard work
whole economy
economic activity
bad loan
economic expansion
national product
personal income
personal income
personal income
annual meeting
cyclical advance
early experience
economic problem
other way
such debt
long maturity
other form
recent year
frequent use
early high
severe recession
current level
major threat
current weakness
first time
great risk
few company
current ad
immediate plan
international expansion
good control
special situation
good quality
vice president
executive officer
top job
vice president
top officer
great strength
private company
long range
major player
same way
last year
other product
strong force
good price
strong brand
vice chairman
equal vote
monthly meeting
day-to-day operation
financial matter
third business
other part
retail store
vice president
first person
foreign-exchange reserve
next year
Western government
last month
Western government
foreign-exchange payment
recent month
year-earlier period
average growth
first half
first half
foreign-exchange reserve
big import
foreign-exchange spending
difficult battle
economic force
big drop
last year
huge trade
current account
last year
Western government
average rate
effective action
good term
foreign lender
foreign-exchange reserve
foreign banker
financial institution
new loan
commercial banker
direct investment
economic environment
less capital
Western government
foreign borrowing
direct investment
foreign borrowing
foreign reserve
next year
Swiss chemical
pharmaceutical group
good gain
considerable rise
last year
close thing
long hour
corporate goal
major union
chief executive
whole culture
own television
major customer
longtime pilot
such attitude
new technology
seasonal low
operational freedom
large employer
own vehicle
last thing
long way
global player
long-term debt
certain route
local company
other problem
last year
first half
first period
composite trading
first union
early 1970s
third quarter
extra flight
large group
own pilot
future merger
few week
particular group
separate pilot
big number
vice president
good will
old pilot
past chairman
large majority
young pilot
senior pilot
related support
first time
federal official
central charge
federal judge
public institution
civil case
federal judge
civil right
executive director
political scandal
good rating
good franchise
few week
last week
white police
real name
different crime
last week
civil right
young colleague
black agent
American way
central character
more word
decent man
good character
first week
dead partner
few word
good program
major acquisition
preferred stock
cubic foot
natural gas
high quality
other field
other oil
key role
last summer
estimated cash
real estate
administrative cost
vice president
real estate
net income
fiscal year
net loss
good name
late drop
monthly report
monthly figure
white knight
heavy buying
large insurer
white knight
big loss
white knight
financial conglomerate
giant acquisition
last month
European insurance
recent month
joint venture
top manager
potential raider
various family
real estate
failed coup
foreign policy
national security
second term
national security
presidential decision
day-to-day execution
tough issue
physical sense
procedural sense
complex world
formal system
vice president
central intelligence
national security
professional officer
clear problem
Contra rebel
Soviet politics
operational task
wholesale price
wholesale price
early 1980s
guilty plea
federal district
other thing
unfair advantage
vice president
former company
improper activity
bad reputation
last summer
free publicity
possible alliance
likely return
European analyst
British luxury
friendly alliance
last week
other manufacturer
possible suitor
last week
long-term business
last week
Swedish auto
automotive operation
possible link
heavy truck
heavy truck
European analyst
last month
pretax profit
likely suitor
new auto
last month
broad alliance
public announcement
European auto
last week
friendly alliance
high end
last week
last week
active trading
over-the-counter market
controversial owner
few day
professional sport
last year
high cost
last year
average salary
low cost
own round
local press
administrative staff
early visit
new day
last time
last year
general trend
last year
clear view
large source
national television
last year
local radio
local right
more station
intense businessman
hefty salary
sizable contract
large corporation
financial trouble
poor business
other way
gross ticket
small number
national network
current contract
lackluster rating
personal secretary
good investment
good party
few week
Palestinian child
equal time
Jewish state
Palestinian state
special treatment
last week
individual program
federal agency
domestic program
maximum flexibility
last week
little bit
individual program
deficit-reduction law
other agency
independent telephone
common share
first telephone
financial condition
tough opposition
other issue
new chairman
formal position
large trade
additional authority
temporary financing
such loan
high-yield junk
such fear
retail brokerage
current rule
own government
simple reason
own circumstance
own account
own territory
basic level
own point
short supply
such behavior
third-quarter earning
net income
last week
general obligation
small percentage
public debt
individual investor
municipal bond
financial health
political uncertainty
general obligation
mayoral election
general obligation
overall revenue
many investor
small amount
large amount
tax-exempt bond
municipal bond
few week
sharp stock
last week
mayoral candidate
limited option
few year
financial plan
fiscal year
own budget
narrow deficit
deputy director
financial health
financial crisis
mayoral office
financial affair
last week
good news
bad news
chief executive
municipal market
last week
last week
general obligation
general obligation
general obligation
tax-exempt market
chief executive
Australian operator
Australian company
over-the-counter trading
heavy volume
past summer
vice president
financial officer
significant shareholder
substantial creditor
further loan
financial problem
other mean
small sum
former president
personal reason
failed bid
current topic
executive officer
other service
major language
free fall
vice minister
international affair
Japanese bank
leveraged buy-out
Japanese bank
leveraged buy-out
public statement
financial power
foreign market
Japanese bank
leveraged buy-out
large presence
Japanese bank
Japanese bank
Japanese bank
very end
Japanese bank
overseas deal
Japanese bank
own judgment
Japanese bank
own decision
hard time
recent move
Japanese bank
much speculation
financial circle
real position
few month
Japanese bank
little idea
foreign bank
Japanese bank
leveraged buy-out
Japanese bank
hard time
commercial consideration
only reason
Japanese bank
political pressure
Japanese bank
important business
financial authority
Japanese bank
leveraged buy-out
leveraged deal
central bank
recent event
leveraged buy-out
Japanese bank
attractive way
Japanese bank
few customer
big deal
national tobacco
traditional product
strong grade
light grade
last year
net profit
French franc
close alliance
new payment
existing machine
little paper
electronic card
local tobacco
much time
Japanese technology
other article
French tobacco
immediate impact
actual case
high court
human life
last year
federal appeal
strict abortion
human life
high court
other state
separate case
imminent public
last week
other case
actual age
30-day suspension
federal court
only reason
small child
relative safety
judicial process
strategic position
late 1970s
few week
several group
military aircraft
soft drink
back issue
outside world
next door
dramatic event
few day
Soviet base
small country
other supply
more territory
weak position
historic opportunity
human right
late 1970s
military aid
economic aid
good option
own position
many month
great advantage
past decade
technical support
common share
limited partnership
separate agreement
federal agency
most member
few month
next month
next year
current capacity
other estimate
modest amount
additional output
extra capacity
stable market
big share
future increase
current system
last month
high official
main effect
total output
next month
high official
previous condition
possible obstacle
first time
weekly magazine
French franc
operational ground
broad dispute
other country
French official
independent program
naval issue
immediate plan
other country
last one
few month
dangerous protection
such crisis
due time
Japanese household
Japanese household
real income
previous year
first sign
last month
interim figure
tough competition
commercial director
tight labor
local currency
regional carrier
several step
last year
regional flight
young employee
existing staff
other route
important part
other carrier
recent link
important part
German airline
other carrier
regular basis
European carrier
own business
big operation
Asian traffic
weekly flight
further expansion
large number
special section
long run
general sense
local change
fair market
limited partnership
annual payment
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
young woman
temporary resident
substantial damage
limited access
personal computer
red status
medical care
temporary home
inner city
past year
annual sale
square foot
suburban shopping
commercial area
criminal element
national chain
high price
major chain
good place
additional benefit
local worker
private-sector job
one-time cost
public fund
local resident
public investment
few year
local revenue
real estate
industrial development
commercial stock
substantial percentage
other minority
public agency
political leader
suburban deal
entire site
small number
entire center
retail space
other building
entire center
local law
large security
common area
such program
local government
similar provision
Many state
commercial area
more success
suburban area
new approach
high-risk area
subordinated note
over-the-counter market
closed-end management
beneficial interest
municipal security
various type
common stock
common share
other condition
joint statement
long-term debt
executive officer
other officer
common share
third-quarter earning
sluggish segment
over-the-counter market
medium-sized growth
disappointing earning
extra appeal
many growth
small stock
small stock
big issue
small stock
chief portfolio
main argument
high price
other analyst
such issue
small growth
average issue
500-stock index
last year
back seat
small growth
blue chip
past performance
future result
more money
future earning
great part
small stock
medical device
net income
busy week
daily average
third-quarter loss
net income
last year
third quarter
loan-loss provision
public offering
active list
initial offering
weak earning
second quarter
year-earlier quarter
advisory panel
more study
third quarter
potential charge
quarterly dividend
fair auction
fourth-quarter earning
non-U.S. capital
common stock
common share
equity-purchase warrant
net loss
third quarter
future loss
troubled loan
real estate
third quarter
last week
net income
third-quarter credit
last month
third-quarter hit
good part
financial officer
appropriate number
regulatory stance
future loss
second quarter
real estate
massive thrift
real estate
combined loss
second quarter
other lender
bad banking
late 1970s
early 1980s
annual rate
annual population
real estate
other business
real estate
little capital
big wave
only thing
third quarter
net income
last year
composite trading
unsuccessful bid
major restructuring
many industry
interstate banking
senior debt
long-term debt
unsecured deposit
principal unit
financial condition
current downturn
real estate
commercial paper
few day
white blood
immune response
such cell
certain condition
immune response
such cell
specific part
immune response
public offering
initial testing
new agent
indirect subsidiary
common share
key part
portable computer
start-up manufacturing
net income
third quarter
year-ago period
net income
full year
fast growth
similar result
fourth year
previous manufacturing
portable computer
next month
dominant supplier
personal computer
first family
new class
executive officer
new product
new drive
last week
less power
major supplier
third quarter
year-ago period
legal service
legal service
legal hour
other state
only telephone
certain area
several support
legal work
most call
average call
federal court
official act
congressional district
few week
political adviser
Democratic leader
good way
congressional staff
new firm
new firm
last week
different environment
small firm
good term
few week
own firm
substantial practice
disciplinary proceeding
formal complaint
disciplinary hearing
other state
public participation
disciplinary hearing
vocal critic
legal action
constitutional right
guilty plea
civil settlement
other agency
creative work
big account
creative idea
several executive
large client
last year
back ad
past year
other agency
second quarter
young man
much publicity
other thing
upscale appeal
big account
last week
several week
main link
first time
European sale
other group
other city
total damage
quick series
chief building
heavy damage
structural damage
potential claim
federal government
federal aid
next year
special emergency
temporary state
such taxis
Australian dollar
corporate history
year-earlier profit
net interest
natural resource
financial performance
Australian cent
Australian cent
big company
other asset
big loss
international medium
dominant objective
different group
several asset
current value
potential impact
net asset
Australian cent
positive asset
future cash
true worth
net asset
high interest
first year
first time
second time
national average
medical worker
high crime
prime example
small business
three-year period
commercial firm
industrial neighborhood
big business
small business
monetary crime
small business
large one
annual crime
annual cost
enough money
more worker
monetary crime
few employment
local resident
small neighborhood
more job
small business
big business
large shopping
great economy
private security
big business
small neighborhood
such protection
local merchant
high crime
small business
public police
several problem
enough police
small business
more police
private security
second problem
urban police
small business
small business
special tax
commercial area
local business
special priority
suburban shopping
urban crime
hot spot
further attack
Canadian dollar
future investment
last report
mutual fund
huge drop
other type
diversified portfolio
vice president
real estate
mutual fund
500-stock index
precious metal
average decline
money-market instrument
other investment
average drop
foreign-exchange boost
past week
major currency
diversified portfolio
hot investment
late week
general stock
global asset
total return
real money
high-quality growth
big stock
downward market
last week
foreign currency
high point
German mark
British pound
money-market instrument
late week
foreign currency
foreign currency
negative return
small drop
late week
good sign
last week
long period
mutual fund
last week
last week
vice president
composite insurer
exact stake
retail outlet
composite insurer
much air
clean air
such center
Polish center
commercial space
many scientist
many country
natural environment
first school
open water
professional project
square foot
executive director
healthy office
executive director
environmental concern
extensive use
early project
vice president
many people
net income
bitter labor
year-ago quarter
third-quarter loss
second quarter
seasonal factor
third-quarter result
fourth quarter
year-earlier period
continued pricing
composite trading
black mayor
other side
political stance
troubled city
crucial moment
big city
urban politician
national leader
Democratic territory
other side
big campaign
high hope
Democratic rule
next year
many resident
other problem
executive responsibility
major obstacle
negative campaign
Republican vote
Conservative party
Jewish voter
black person
other day
personal accounting
deputy mayor
old friend
serious tax
same pattern
last week
other people
private-sector bank
Italian news
Italian paper
East bloc
executive officer
new post
major shareholder
net asset
financial crime
legal action
British defense
new agreement
principal owner
new group
additional payment
future earning
principal owner
professional sport
last week
federal court
federal security
annual meeting
electronic product
full complaint
fourth-quarter loss
promotional program
retail sale
key expense
first half
next year
good decade
late downturn
commercial vehicle
other thing
composite trading
annual dividend
economic report
economic activity
economic research
near-term direction
temporary boost
third quarter
long-term bond
total return
first quarter
second quarter
third quarter
total return
other thing
corporate profit
same time
last week
chief economist
federal fund
federal fund
overnight loan
early signal
weak employment
low rate
corporate bond
recent turmoil
high-yield junk
safe security
good demand
long-term paper
overseas account
public debt
last week
strong investor
electric power
federal government
new security
six-month bill
weekly auction
two-year note
new government
troubled saving
first bond
30-year bond
federal debt
initial bond
first day
professional money
last week
30-year bond
weak demand
new supply
new security
economic datum
financial economist
much supply
most bond
new supply
sharp decline
early trading
Japanese investor
stock-index future
individual stock
quiet performance
30-year bond
corporate bond
new-issue market
subordinated debenture
subordinated discount
many junk
more deal
much trouble
last week
recent weakness
big investor
subordinated debenture
common stock
big player
strong interest
Japanese investor
corporate bond
last week
financial arrangement
financial interest
outside firm
several condition
outside firm
major bank
certain condition
several week
domestic bank
over-the-counter trading
municipal government
deputy director
more people
recent year
outside world
last week
Japanese use
soft drink
British member
Conservative legislator
six-month experiment
Japanese bank
new loan
Mexican economy
medium-sized bank
large one
Japanese banking
new loan
existing loan
Japanese bank
new lending
long-term credit
large bank
risky loan
foreign leader
prime minister
only woman
second place
Soviet newspaper
comic book
comic book
net income
third quarter
executive officer
last month
full year
fourth-quarter net
third-quarter estimate
fourth quarter
Third-quarter revenue
year-earlier period
Canadian operation
busy season
many retailer
promotional item
third segment
other officer
Japanese competitor
dominant share
new product
retail outlet
main issue
health-care benefit
further acquisition
several year
foreign trader
big slump
subsequent event
foreign lending
many project
domestic loan
domestic buyer
Swiss concern
last year
Chinese factory
first half
temporary business
many month
last year
foreign company
vice president
down side
upper side
foreign trade
past decade
last time
tough measure
foreign exchange
domestic fund
first time
foreign government
big setback
new lending
year-earlier month
average growth
first half
domestic credit
foreign-exchange reserve
gold holding
first time
recent year
recent week
last month
many trading
good way
Japanese trading
many good
general manager
short time
foreign trading
Chinese trade
financial health
foreign trader
Chinese trade
foreign loan
national trading
municipal level
foreign trader
main financier
Japanese bond
foreign trader
foreign debt
available fund
foreign trader
foreign credit
recent month
new project
new business
new lending
foreign exchange
foreign borrowing
few year
foreign creditor
new loan
many loan
usual target
last year
many trader
essential import
raw material
raw material
federal law
federal court
adequate relief
first test
bad kind
more program
senior lawyer
large firm
Many law
own program
social worker
new child
recent study
large law
fiscal year
day-to-day operation
last week
further aid
sweeping measure
general emergency
federal highway
federal responsibility
other amount
new obligation
vice president
existing bond
long-term deposit
subordinated debt
short-term deposit
many people
limited partnership
big chance
lucrative commission
real estate
cold drink
available fund
emotional security
economic base
individual character
only one
hostile takeover
small corporation
few asset
many debt
successful company
foreign interest
financial war
strong element
moral quality
high-definition television
main segment
future business
high-quality television
small help
start-up concern
Japanese consumer
Japanese government
new form
annual revenue
similar plan
high-definition television
other firm
new technology
conventional TV
high-definition television
other segment
large panel
strong position
commercial cost
few year
only material
prospective competitor
Japanese government
more help
vice president
basic technology
high-definition television
Japanese company
commercial use
first display
more picture
advanced television
Japanese producer
American investor
Many critic
federal support
domestic source
large display
military application
small version
industrial product
other form
antitrust relief
small firm
right technology
more money
Japanese TV
independent oil
last year
possible suitor
top state
environmental official
more information
executive officer
definitive agreement
former director
financial institution
first announcement
such action
federal banking
financial institution
extraordinary loan
net loss
net income
recent period
net loss
many money
next wave
early 1970s
corporate profit
recent year
third-quarter report
positive one
broad market
same neighborhood
additional gain
uncertain market
general level
corporate profit
many investor
senior economist
industrial average
huge range
corporate earning
foreign investor
vice president
annual earning
blue-chip growth
chief market
sluggish economy
blue-chip growth
fourth quarter
unusual number
chief investment
cyclical company
high earning
cyclical company
third quarter
last week
high return
internal project
good investment
cyclical stock
next year
cyclical share
volatile session
stock-index future
individual stock
few price
big stock
narrow range
final hour
industrial average
weekly point
industrial average
broad market
late session
last week
industrial average
blue-chip issue
broad market
weekly percentage
broad average
composite index
renewed weakness
late drop
300-a-share buy-out
labor-management group
other airline
possible takeover
potential target
forest-products stock
third-quarter earning
fourth quarter
fiscal quarter
semiannual dividend
quarterly dividend
common share
corporate purpose
additional share
municipal offering
six-month bill
two-year note
30-year bond
common share
common share
common share
common share
common share
common share
common share
common share
common share
general bond
consolidated loan
competitive bid
public improvement
competitive bid
competitive bid
competitive bid
general bond
general bond
environmental protection
electric revenue
existing debt
low interest
general purpose
effective date
former adviser
common share
common share
after-tax gain
first quarter
new accounting
first quarter
first quarter
net asset
listed market
Canadian dollar
new affiliate
other bid
unspecified money
closed-end fund
annual dividend
common share
Canadian cent
Canadian cent
low price
precious metal
vice president
fiscal year
Canadian dollar
new dividend
composite trading
regional air
annual revenue
great growth
large number
bad loss
single deal
estimated paper
labor-management buy-out
short answer
fundamental basis
huge drop
special transaction
other observer
new bid
original level
strong financing
low price
leveraged takeover
real cash
huge amount
public shareholder
back stock
sufficient money
enough price
new cash
various bid
wide range
potential value
future earning
future labor
adverse labor
past month
rival deal
longtime rival
foreign airline
net income
second quarter
Per-share earning
daily trading
common share
net loss
last year
third quarter
high gas
net income
rapid growth
other computer
net income
third quarter
significant contract
five-year contract
open set
different system
new product
other manufacturer
chief executive
federal government
over-the-counter trading
potential suitor
small communication
public relation
several industry
executive officer
several inquiry
troubled period
large shareholder
third party
possible restructuring
short term
current turmoil
executive officer
last week
hostile bid
major agency
potential client
small business
big problem
strong office
other area
other agency
sizable addition
blue-chip client
public relation
big agency
public relation
small unit
recent interview
marginal agency
other agency
financial service
other thing
new agency
new account
previous agency
executive officer
former president
chief executive
direct mail
executive duty
recent expansion
first group
new position
executive responsibility
chief executive
scientific fraud
first addition
congressional committee
few week
substantial number
scientific paper
well-known part
large investigation
secret service
special interest
public opinion
first time
federal court
own colleague
previous investigation
most scientist
next target
fellow scientist
public support
retail store
editorial page
local debate
British citizen
new taxis
significant cost
American economy
high liability
Federal child
same way
clean air
good treatment
good child
Democratic proposal
good bill
initial cost
new taxis
new power
modern plant
old plant
planned research
clean technology
nationwide standard
other analyst
real bill
private company
huge bill
American people
local government
last year
entire nation
American business
vice president
new program
many people
federal regulator
next year
important task
only way
public program
big one
substantial improvement
monetary policy
past week
new policy
foreign exchange
bad trade
down side
bad trade
few economist
current account
European economist
same time
high consumer
current account
raw material
sharp drop
unexpected decline
current account
further evidence
flat position
overall evidence
further slowdown
last rise
high level
third quarter
second quarter
first quarter
second quarter
more import
substantial slowdown
monetary policy
further drop
European trading
further decline
monetary policy
quiet trading
foreign exchange
volatile stock
foreign exchange
close eye
current delivery
estimated volume
early trading
over-the-counter trading
common share
general partner
limited partner
indirect subsidiary
next year
high cost
few year
big change
recent year
bright spot
certain type
past year
first year
national product
other segment
high fuel
good time
next year
similar increase
high rate
such rate
total cost
vice president
last couple
few month
early level
public offering
common share
common share
personal reason
extra people
full picture
many question
other company
new trend
corporate world
due process
due process
few company
due process
legal cost
public relation
due process
key step
early stage
typical year
unfair treatment
large company
such advantage
mutual support
such advantage
most management
other hand
good way
top management
chief executive
active trading
daily gain
sharp fall
thin trading
selected issue
early trading
overnight gain
early advance
second section
second section
more time
major advance
other plan
strong earning
British pound
100-share index
intraday low
sharp loss
last week
thin interest
first hour
30-share index
light volume
early weakness
disappointing number
corporate news
late dealing
hostile takeover
active share
major stock
foreign dictator
Republican senator
congressional requirement
covert action
Panamanian dictator
minor support
congressional official
few day
last night
unfair effort
covert activity
recent coup
appropriate policy
vice chairman
other committee
foreign coup
presidential order
congressional source
legal trouble
last year
congressional official
last week
more freedom
late coup
last week
new argument
past century
American business
such fund
small investor
short-term interest
early fund
such operation
retail fund
new instrument
total asset
tax-exempt fund
special meeting
common stock
wide range
regional state
industrial company
final term
more influence
good guarantee
German region
vice president
chief economist
public offering
common share
corporate purpose
lead underwriter
national product
total value
second quarter
second quarter
financial economist
durable good
personal income
Many economist
possible recession
soft production
weak housing
corporate profit
natural disaster
fourth quarter
190-point drop
poor quality
third-quarter profit
other hand
official figure
new production
economic damage
large increase
private relief
second quarter
good price
wide trade
slow capital
chief economist
economic recession
bad news
recent trade
personal income
personal income
financial market
durable good
quarterly dividend
extra dividend
common stock
consecutive quarter
extra dividend
previous week
late purchase
small increase
previous year
good investment
hostile bid
medical business
Swedish conglomerate
early 1980s
high technology
basic industry
previous company
recent interview
whole market
much competition
much time
big division
current market
public offering
next year
international offering
international investor
volatile trading
dominant shareholder
open market
new share
rapid growth
new addition
quick result
industrial concern
pretax profit
Many analyst
new chairman
next year
last month
hostile takeover
Canadian mining
tough hurdle
recent expansion
recent profit
pretax profit
big loss
next year
main business
joint bid
international mining
big partner
current form
such partnership
industrialized world
key word
other business
fourth-quarter profit
net income
over-the-counter trading
fourth-quarter sale
full-year net
executive officer
fourth quarter
adverse pressure
gross margin
fourth quarter
gross margin
gross margin
low component
random access
significant revenue
gross margin
vice chairman
executive officer
vice president
general manager
Canadian operation
new position
vice president
vice president
automotive operation
new position
vice president
new position
automotive market
high performance
Canadian operation
former position
second phase
second portion
administrative cost
annual revenue
regional division
central office
German chemical
further step
vice president
financial service
personal computer
main business
prospective investor
Philippine government
large paper
many company
critical month
major asset
first time
national carrier
legal system
political opposition
big asset
international economist
nonperforming company
temporary setback
poor result
commercial bank
minimum price
minimum price
net worth
special bidding
former owner
high bid
potential buyer
local stock
only consideration
other shareholder
potential buyer
foreign company
new capital
foreign buyer
foreign ownership
congressional hearing
possible legislation
Asian route
new director
new director
executive officer
executive officer
executive officer
active duty
chief executive
new holding
regulatory clearance
definitive agreement
new company
composite trading
over-the-counter trading
new firm
executive officer
new company
vice chairman
vice chairman
nonperforming loan
combined bank
total loan
clear statement
high official
world-wide process
Mexican government
same sentence
total equity
Mexican government
public sector
public entity
powerful one
electric power
public enterprise
essential element
key industry
bottom line
political reform
Mexican president
other company
political system
third quarter
third quarter
labor-management group
public hand
quick approval
last week
key partner
composite trading
further loss
late idea
last effort
formal proposal
entire amount
current holder
current holder
new company
new structure
special dividend
controlling ownership
current holder
failed takeover
second-largest airline
new plan
full time
labor-management buy-out
apparent attempt
top adviser
last week
last bid
unsuccessful effort
labor-management group
new deal
several people
British regulator
last week
first buy-out
annual cost
financial officer
critical time
legal fee
first medium
financial management
10-year note
final step
other debt
active control
possible course
specific term
possible transaction
common share
official reserve
foreign currency
foreign currency
foreign currency
last month
executive officer
chief executive
other business
chief executive
chief executive
vice president
chief investment
common share
common share
more share
open market
private transaction
federal appeal
low court
further proceeding
over-the-counter trading
antitrust violation
labor-management group
new proposal
public hand
quick approval
300-a-share bid
bad loss
single deal
possible alliance
likely return
defensive alliance
quiet trading
most bond
many investor
last week
economic uncertainty
more bank
quarterly loss
more oil
few month
difficult period
high-definition television
conventional film
Japanese manufacturer
high cost
major acquisition
legal battle
quarterly loss
semiannual dividend
over-the-counter trading
corporate restructuring
net loss
year-earlier profit
continued payment
semiannual dividend
executive officer
generic drug
last month
federal investigation
other product
original approval
other brand
last month
generic drug
internal audit
internal investigation
ongoing inquiry
composite trading
net income
per-share result
big reason
composite trading
federal charge
vice president
vice president
medical device
other cost
tentative contract
most employee
daily newspaper
large union
other union
first year
year-ago period
net income
last year
military leader
partial troop
equal number
critical condition
slight improvement
third game
foreign dictator
certain coup
last year
foreign dictator
last week
congressional requirement
covert action
minor support
several hour
financial pressure
democratic freedom
local party
internal change
first time
federal jury
official act
intense telephone
Sandinista government
immune system
white blood
former president
net income
strong growth
long-distance minute
one-time gain
financial-services subsidiary
quarterly profit
long-distance use
consolidated borrowing
composite trading
only way
political criticism
new leader
clear feeling
last week
broad change
Soviet leader
last week
German television
regular programming
daily newspaper
first time
German television
other change
such move
recent week
democratic change
important thing
socialist value
first action
real problem
Western news
congressional aide
tough man
German leader
sudden growth
political crisis
several thing
German economy
East bloc
old man
real right
German doctor
political opposition
last week
new report
few year
cold fusion
extra heat
new experiment
nuclear fusion
late development
cold fusion
scientific meeting
formal report
cold fusion
dramatic fall
scientific interest
cold fusion
cold fusion
special night
cold fusion
cold fusion
cold fusion
heavy form
heavy water
electrical energy
large amount
more energy
electrical energy
nuclear fusion
such heat
excess heat
first experiment
last spring
excess heat
excess heat
excess heat
several hour
other experiment
heavy water
excess heat
excess heat
excess energy
other scientist
excess heat
several hour
excess energy
heavy water
more heat
ordinary water
excess heat
excess heat
heavy water
few day
heavy water
strong evidence
indirect evidence
cold fusion
cold fusion
subsequent experiment
same time
cold fusion
new experiment
heavy water
electrical effect
national edition
expanded volume
national edition
national edition
electronic business
financial information
global market
net income
common share
year-ago period
executive officer
year-earlier period
last year
short-term outlook
several division
fourth-quarter result
net income
last year
independent phone
cellular franchise
other acquisition
uncertain investment
related decline
precious metal
high interest
industrial nation
deep slump
good value
precious metal
further decline
small quantity
low price
Japanese demand
first half
first half
few year
high range
precious metal
vice president
other commodity
most analyst
year-earlier quarter
Many industry
many farmer
recent quarter
most trader
technical factor
several trading
other market
fourth-quarter demand
several development
long-term strike
new labor
three-month strike
weak demand
long-term support
technical analyst
considerable fund
major commodity
weekly report
senior commodity
bearish sign
other computer
many task
conventional network
key building
new model
next year
other program
available program
several computer
individual computer
general manager
little guy
other chain
costly promotion
small one
last year
12-month thing
serious trouble
last year
more customer
extra work
last year
enough business
year-earlier level
vice president
financial officer
small chain
big franchise
prolonged price
most franchise
promotional program
full participation
very end
antitrust consideration
such case
good term
new franchise
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
real estate
net income
real estate
core business
only reason
nice addition
small number
well-known baseball
wrong way
good investment
current account
Japanese partner
joint venture
new plant
automotive market
annual capacity
large steelmaker
early announcement
major steel
additional line
new plant
current import
more import
much capacity
Japanese car
profitable segment
integrated steelmaker
overall steel
definitive agreement
existing plant
such production
new line
many way
common type
specific order
high price
low price
fellow broker
minimum price
maximum price
small price
sufficient trading
specified price
certain level
current market
specified price
specified price
specified price
current price
specified price
possible price
specified price
new price
same price
more time
good price
same security
other order
same security
certain time
many type
few minute
most broker
mutual fund
overall market
particular issue
broad market
500-stock index
cautious investor
individual stock
few stock
poor indicator
gold fund
low risk
most people
national director
financial planning
more type
good news
six-month CD
obvious risk
obvious kind
short-term return
good year
annual result
average return
short-term fluctuation
little attention
big risk
enough money
other security
apparent security
money-market fund
enough investment
big risk
financial planner
financial adviser
several step
current portfolio
long-term result
major goal
several type
municipal bond
old couple
large part
young couple
more risk
diversified stock
single issue
young couple
annual return
short-term volatility
young couple
actual result
wide range
great volatility
young couple
long-term goal
old couple
enough dollar
financial planner
personal finance
actual return
several decade
wide margin
other member
American drug
Nicaraguan opposition
creative alternative
financial planning
small investor
previous generation
new approach
financial portfolio
extensive planning
good news
extensive amount
certain fund
such thing
individual retirement
mutual fund
necessary position
residential real-estate
fine portfolio
huge decline
such stock
slow recovery
mutual fund
serious investment
annual growth
different way
long-term instrument
possible investment
personal space
good investment
annual growth
personal space
expensive child
total asset
personal investment
continued investment
annual contribution
original value
open market
obvious need
initial stake
same time
financial planning
annual expansion
personal strategy
future opportunity
American business
financial planning
sharp point
financial planner
financial planner
effective regulation
principal talent
federal authority
comprehensive standard
limited survey
financial planner
various businessman
previous venture
minimum standard
financial planner
good planner
most investor
bad news
financial planning
many tax
next year
sharp slump
such demand
many planner
big trade
financial planner
past decade
bad thing
other thing
minimum standard
more staff
major industry
other industry
common standard
rival group
own idea
financial planner
common conflict
financial product
good investment
big commission
high-risk investment
big commission
net worth
financial expert
civil suit
such action
financial planner
past chairman
limited partnership
legal bill
other company
other suit
additional investment
other investor
such response
limited partner
financial planner
common sense
other case
legitimate business
rich resident
fast car
easy life
rich image
rich people
national headquarters
much money
precious metal
recent example
prospective investor
precious metal
grand jury
last month
precious metal
federal court
expensive home
legitimate business
regional manager
square foot
financial information
negative publicity
private college
same period
start-up investment
zero-coupon bond
mutual fund
necessary growth
mutual-fund group
other word
little volatility
zero-coupon bond
many expert
good answer
antitrust division
top school
public concern
good college
money-market fund
late wave
mutual-fund group
after-tax rate
monthly amount
cheap college
most people
mutual fund
own contribution
most parent
bad thing
current income
regular investment
good goal
current income
good investment
mutual fund
broad stock
other student
new scheme
municipal bond
other state
slight discount
high school
federal government
other bond
severe loss
other bond
good bet
much interest
specified school
private group
mutual-fund purchase
start-up investment
educational institution
historical rate
independent agency
monthly sum
annual rise
annual investment
mandatory charge
other farmer
federal tax
detailed estimate
false return
back taxis
civil fraud
many group
high income
high income
foreign film
small business
general account
personal income
such abuse
secret computer
special project
many agent
special project
personal attention
most case
national office
other way
civil penalty
direct seller
other item
independent contractor
other project
large cash
same year
congressional hearing
many seller
large amount
personal expense
low income
large expense
regular job
other field
gross income
regular job
real business
small firm
Many worker
many expense
similar work
independent contractor
other employee
other state
other state
personal income
early stage
good news
new category
first category
combined increase
large category
net loss
new category
more sense
new category
new category
existing program
same question
different way
big return
big profit
overnight success
other people
prospective investor
exclusive group
local resident
federal fraud
secret agreement
civil suit
such scheme
illegal investment
many investor
funny thing
long way
right thing
conservative investment
risky investment
only one
other thing
such people
own mind
high-risk investment
weak point
big change
new area
right time
comparable circumstance
quick return
extra cash
next day
previous sale
last time
other debt
second wife
past decade
whole life
special provision
broad category
permanent insurance
various way
permanent insurance
same age
specific time
permanent insurance
more insurance
real profit
high premium
straight term
same amount
whole thing
permanent insurance
mutual-fund account
added feature
direct investment
same thing
whole package
estimated liability
most case
initial year
most policy
several year
permanent insurance
direct investment
traditional form
permanent insurance
whole life
whole policy
recent year
last year
new regulation
much money
broad category
whole life
so-called target
other policy
several decade
high interest
high yield
substantial investment
certain period
sufficient cash
annual cost
steep premium
same amount
extra dividend
high interest
financial consultant
such payment
long-term care
catastrophic event
financial planner
extra cost
such provision
separate policy
administrative fee
similar offering
high interest
annual premium
third-quarter profit
executive officer
late quarter
year-earlier period
late quarter
late quarter
nice price
pretax gain
year-earlier level
high profit
fourth quarter
net income
strong dollar
overseas profit
second quarter
high marketing
first half
world-wide sale
other drug
second half
year-earlier period
big chunk
additional spending
third quarter
continued loss
German chemical
next year
East bloc
main subsidiary
federal saving
federal office
federal insurance
regulatory power
second anniversary
good earning
less inflation
blue chip
heavy trading
foreign buyer
broad market
full strength
500-stock index
composite index
cautious investor
many economist
Stock-index arbitrage
good earning
disappointing profit
Stock-index arbitrage
minor influence
institutional buyer
main force
blue chip
other stock
special effort
leveraged buy-out
vice president
many trader
individual stock
speculative trader
outstanding contract
outstanding contract
stock-index future
tremendous increase
blue-chip issue
composite trading
other bank
other bank
preferred stock
separate class
potential acquisition
common share
several product
next month
low end
other technology
other hand
short-term investment
third-quarter earning
short-term rating
third-quarter earning
sharp gain
hostile takeover
certain government
early contract
constitutional amendment
Democratic leader
American flag
constitutional change
constitutional amendment
good news
bad news
national group
medical director
executive director
last week
affected employee
long-term expense
old people
large company
several drug
positive use
various work
hard measure
cheap airline
recent year
few way
many restriction
good deal
many carrier
recent year
last moment
normal level
other date
new discount
international flight
immediate family
last name
many woman
last name
legal document
vice president
daily rate
regular price
cheap air
senior citizen
first class
next month
last year
medical student
special fare
first oil
initial production
marginal tax
marginal tax
same level
minimum wage
new taxis
large factory
retail outlet
foreign competition
fine product
recent year
young woman
new market
late 1970s
other country
Korean maker
retail outlet
next year
foreign country
long hour
low wage
American counterpart
foreign maker
low cost
high-quality good
low cost
foreign source
total sale
retail sale
more weight
retail sale
gross income
other move
more retailer
front door
small retailer
fair game
such move
recent year
fiscal year
overseas production
various way
long run
medical director
local health
private food
public health
medical director
potential threat
various place
own news
Colombian government
added security
real support
vice president
vice president
corporate manufacturing
vice president
economic indicator
financial community
economic policy
British economy
high interest
essential instrument
future inflation
British currency
major role
monetary condition
monetary policy
high interest
other approach
direct credit
financial system
world-wide plunge
full percentage
British currency
last week
economic statistic
British war
low level
good news
hefty drop
last month
average earning
previous year
last month
high level
separate speech
British economy
last year
monetary policy
right approach
central bank
particular problem
British economy
leveraged junk-bond
monetary arrangement
European company
several time
available chip
first company
next year
new chip
big step
past couple
new technology
new machine
new sale
medical doctor
first half
last fall
new product
next year
new machine
main computer
personal computer
personal computer
next year
French government
second-largest maker
pharmaceutical industry
next year
monthly benefit
high payment
annual level
next year
urban wage
third quarter
last year
third quarter
health-care company
third quarter
third quarter
sluggish sale
stiff competition
Japanese supplier
net income
third period
third-quarter net
full-year earning
strong performance
net income
first quarter
favorable result
net income
fourth quarter
several trend
several year
large increase
initial claim
regular state
previous week
regular state
previous week
federal benefit
high number
initial claim
initial claim
net income
modest revenue
first quarter
weak result
second-largest computer
poor quarter
foreign order
strong growth
gross margin
heavy investment
strong product
high end
new line
new mainframe
high end
great strength
more effort
few quarter
new mainframe
current year
final number
overseas business
recent quarter
full-year net
overall revenue
world-wide order
bottom line
more hand
new mainframe
sophisticated version
less profit
few quarter
net income
strong sale
American business
healthy profit
net income
year-earlier period
net income
last year
discontinued operation
executive officer
strong sale
personal care
well-known brand
promotional activity
high priority
high end
domestic business
year-earlier period
discontinued operation
last year
pharmaceutical concern
last week
next year
net income
third quarter
immediate pension
other company
new program
net income
stiff competition
net income
late period
long-distance service
competitive market
low equipment
monthly pension
new employee
several month
other analyst
great earning
good move
great growth
annual earning
special retirement
fourth-quarter expense
many manager
Italian holding
net income
composite trading
back seat
active trader
long-term investor
most part
500-stock index
institutional investor
easy form
average market
big investor
active manager
low trading
successful investment
last decade
particular type
small company
high dividend
particular industry
computer-driven program
stock-index future
actual stock
single share
broad stock
rapid growth
big investor
vice president
active management
further problem
big bank
same risk
actual stock
stock-index future
stock-index future
high turnover
more turnover
good idea
cheap form
new fund
added feature
other strategy
most gain
big investor
active manager
same stock
large number
vice president
other strategy
other index
simple approach
favorite group
social goal
other fund
local investment
short interest
consecutive month
consecutive record
short interest
short interest
short interest
year-earlier month
short interest
low price
short interest
short position
heavy speculation
short interest
short interest
certain stock
negative sentiment
short interest
last month
average trading
short interest
other product
short position
short volume
big increase
short volume
recent acquisition
large volume
short interest
short interest
short interest
large volume
generic drug
large volume
short interest
short position
military coup
public opinion
large measure
first priority
Contra war
Panamanian people
political reform
much action
socialist order
free market
old way
private entrepreneur
official target
plastic waste
illegal business
illegal material
economic reform
renewed attention
local authority
suburban home
large family
first time
second time
few day
long struggle
municipal official
odd job
weekly newspaper
private enterprise
last year
national leader
small house
other worker
back door
obvious choice
weekly newspaper
official position
early 1980s
hot paper
former history
large number
urban food
early 1980s
little education
new way
foreign publication
rich woman
other commodity
other item
last year
metric ton
retail network
recent year
first oil
last year
pretax profit
major rating
only security
long-term deposit
preliminary estimate
significant impact
most insurer
financial condition
substantial risk
various sector
net loss
first quarter
year-ago period
current quarter
previous quarter
second quarter
last year
current period
common stock
excess cash
rapid change
old computer
new graphics
personal computer
advanced graphics
standard equipment
other area
video graphics
new unit
other maker
few quarter
single chip
more revenue
recent period
first quarter
powerful computer
next year
same city
new headquarters
joint manufacturing
significant opportunity
major effort
private-sector institution
top manager
last month
related move
regulatory body
wholesale price
first time
high energy
previous month
wholesale price
third quarter
net income
sharp rise
sharp gain
year-earlier figure
discontinued operation
financial planning
mutual fund
mutual fund
previous year
late result
institutional money
preferred stock
per-share earning
flat revenue
third quarter
financial service
net income
last year
Per-share net
overall net
more share
financial-services sector
automotive market
low income
nine-month result
special charge
past export
extraordinary charge
former line
British maker
federal judge
preliminary injunction
personal bankruptcy
second year
huge claim
alleged attempt
actual amount
tentative settlement
back taxis
big creditor
tentative agreement
other creditor
future earning
such litigation
next week
overall settlement
planned merger
total asset
first quarter
attractive interest
mutual fund
late week
sharp increase
individual investor
big drop
vice president
chief economist
other hand
steep decline
money-market instrument
average yield
low yield
domestic lending
real estate
financial trouble
executive chairman
heavy lending
former subsidiary
large banking
bad loan
national oil
dominant shareholder
troubled bank
central bank
nonperforming loan
pretax profit
fiscal year
financial year
pretax profit
nonperforming loan
public document
political party
outstanding loan
early year
new provision
new restriction
Democratic politics
abortion-rights campaign
anti-abortion stance
Republican influence
new politics
next month
public opinion
past decade
high court
major restriction
pro-choice voter
political decision
further restriction
political activity
abortion-rights force
pro-choice rally
presidential veto
pro-choice voter
next door
young voter
last month
same age
recent year
federal funding
upscale woman
nice car
constitutional right
great shape
foreign policy
same partnership
free-market plan
own insurance
high post
congressional office
same question
limited budget
major advantage
interstate highway
important swing
young audience
strange night
Democratic lawmaker
old machine
more opinion
wholesale price
retail level
bright news
financial market
many economist
wholesale energy
retail energy
few month
economic consulting
several month
wholesale level
domestic economist
wholesale energy
last month
many analyst
many economist
retail energy
retail energy
wholesale rise
temporary inflation
cyclical inflation
chief economist
annual rate
subsequent decline
annual rate
bottom line
economic environment
tight capacity
economic activity
interest-rate stance
low interest
several day
central bank
key interest
volatile category
core inflation
medical cost
consecutive month
steep rise
wholesale index
last month
second month
monthly rise
weekly earning
seasonal fluctuation
new customer
first time
such effort
few year
late attempt
annual growth
last season
first time
many resort
big problem
many family
new ad
white people
senior citizen
most people
unusual spirit
own product
next year
Many resort
old mining
few year
most parent
several resort
own travel
executive director
late ad
most people
third game
favorable side
first thought
many people
natural disaster
such thing
own reaction
light standard
good sense
electrical power
few minute
young man
few foot
portable TV
future profit
additional hour
large sheet
late baseball
last month
commercial bank
golden opportunity
great role
leveraged buy-out
expanded power
lucrative takeover
high-yield junk
expanded power
leveraged buy-out
major selling
senior debt
large role
total buy-out
less security
high yield
labor-management buy-out
potential user
commercial bank
large takeover
new business
third-quarter earning
other bank
final financing
lead bank
current weakness
emotional bias
hostile bidder
initial offer
corporate raider
controversial bid
low bid
new role
Japanese bank
Japanese bank
Japanese bank
low bid
chief economist
possible bankruptcy
Japanese bank
high-yield junk
federal court
regulatory filing
public announcement
early violation
last week
controlling interest
other party
low volume
high cost
third-quarter earning
strong pricing
significant drop
second quarter
composite trading
low volume
seasonal demand
soft consumer
durable market
automotive sector
prolonged labor
second quarter
year-ago period
second quarter
disappointing result
low price
high price
low price
structural steel
structural steel
integrated steel
raw material
four-year labor
same demand
start-up cost
short-term outlook
financial market
early summer
fourth quarter
financial market
low volatility
powerful force
financial market
modern feature
equal access
only source
over-the-counter market
only market
direct role
financial market
much information
various price
many investor
very one
important market
electronic trading
equal access
such access
institutional investor
other market
valuable service
significant price
other investor
same circumstance
more security
more selling
electronic system
financial judgment
national market
own consulting
young one
many economist
few stock
big company
defensive step
financial economist
good thing
high interest
long-term bond
short-term bond
long-term bond
many year
corporate bond
good bet
enough money
corporate bond
corporate bond
specified amount
corporate bond
such bond
municipal bond
corporate bond
federal government
economic slump
local tax
municipal bond
few expert
few stock
high level
so-called cash
money-market fund
likely alternative
soft landing
soft landing
serious investor
good time
long-term investment
most study
annual return
chief investment
frequent trading
high commission
few investor
average drop
consecutive quarter
national product
typical case
average recession
low price
good time
small company
small company
small company
financial health
big company
classic example
great investment
strong gain
overall market
new-issue junk-bond
subordinated debenture
potential return
last night
good junk-bond
good credit
last week
new issue
corporate bond
junk-bond offering
last week
common stock
vice president
high-yield research
high-yield investment
large insurance
mutual-fund manager
new issue
first rate
new issue
high-yield bond
high-quality issue
30-year bond
economic evidence
last month
institutional investor
long-term bond
two-year note
slight decline
three-year note
technical trading
federal fund
past week
overnight loan
early signal
30-year bond
10-year note
short-term rate
six-month bill
average yield
high bidding
low bidding
corporate issue
new-issue market
high-yield security
so-called quality
subordinated debenture
general obligation
major broker
commercial bank
decent bid
high grade
general obligation
long dollar
massive earthquake
federal emergency
general fund
assistant director
large sale
lead manager
good performance
derivative security
average life
10-year note
real estate
foreign bond
British government
economic policy
last night
very moment
most people
little trouble
organized charity
little reason
last year
good work
other operator
fraudulent expense
many case
total charity
new charity
minimum standard
least half
average person
good charity
assistant attorney
former official
other charity
other way
last year
low cost
other charity
such law
such action
past couple
special attention
several state
total value
public education
other issue
massive TV
many organization
few year
further fund
large charity
current effort
British carrier
new offer
300-a-share bid
original deal
new bid
new bid
new proposal
early time
new bid
new deal
certain aspect
original buy-out
bright spot
original investment
previous plan
low purchase
good investment
British carrier
previous report
financial officer
low purchase
sharp drop
past week
composite trading
troubled transaction
original transaction
same day
special meeting
American counterpart
American partner
second thought
new owner
foreign ownership
new bid
lead bank
wholesale sale
wholesale sale
foreign sale
wholesale sale
domestic sale
foreign sale
same period
capital-gains tax
own proposal
legislative priority
core group
Democratic senator
capital-gains tax
own proposal
Republican measure
capital-gains amendment
clear majority
enough senator
procedural hurdle
Democratic leadership
capital-gains tax
first victory
last week
deficit-reduction bill
capital-gains provision
capital-gains tax
final bill
Republican leader
capital-gains amendment
other bill
federal borrowing
second tax
deficit-reduction legislation
next week
Democratic senator
capital-gains tax
additional amendment
top tax
top rate
corporate asset
new tax
individual retirement
first home
medical expense
current IRA
new IRA
third-quarter result
net income
year-earlier period
last year
net loss
chief executive
several reason
high employee
natural condition
low cost
long-term debt
core business
significant amount
past couple
marginal operation
chief executive
third quarter
third quarter
same rate
fourth quarter
core business
net income
basic strategy
real term
current transaction
back office
few block
entire building
new owner
square foot
major building
real estate
difficult task
striking view
modern office
financial product
York-based security
financial consultant
financial product
new thing
such term
financial product
more safety
more income
other people
conservative investor
such fund
fat yield
high-risk bond
certain class
limited partnership
recent year
direct investment
same risk
such case
old name
mutual fund
different story
annual management
other fee
recent year
hefty charge
mutual-fund industry
new name
blue chip
risky investment
regional telephone
different investment
blue chip
short-term price
recent year
institutional investor
big block
certain market
blue chip
decent prospect
real trouble
institutional investor
personal finance
recent news
new loan
less-developed country
whole story
commercial bank
old loan
new loan
bad loan
several year
indirect credit
new loan
further loan
preferred stock
third-quarter earning
year-earlier period
per-share earning
net income
preferred stock
net income
composite trading
last month
lucrative employment
future profit
prior commitment
exclusive contract
last week
successful producer
odd team
academic degree
good summer
executive producer
hot property
good seller
day-to-day production
big letter
good production
few month
major piece
successful material
other hand
good review
main event
last summer
many people
wrong way
small piece
net profit
executive producer
early 1980s
financial interest
great idea
few year
few week
other producer
Brazilian union
such film
such hit
successful producer
own right
current lawsuit
early year
creative partnership
long period
old contract
Australian investor
exclusive contract
new deal
creative freedom
last month
future cash
annual salary
hefty price
last year
late quarter
last year
last year
last year
old contract
certain movie
other right
own interest
such thing
few year
last time
such argument
written contract
asset-backed security
high rating
institutional investor
high return
extra risk
asset-backed security
whole market
economic downturn
such concern
asset-backed security
new product
new security
last year
big volume
plastic bond
most issue
professional money
other institution
small investor
asset-backed market
additional offering
asset-backed security
individual investor
vice president
high credit
new source
new investment
asset-backed security
attractive investment
corporate bond
asset-backed security
asset-backed bond
extra risk
last spring
large quantity
small amount
relative performance
important consideration
asset-backed security
local level
vice president
private banking
asset-backed issue
asset-backed issue
asset-backed issue
large quantity
small amount
asset-backed security
vice president
daily value
corporate bond
asset-backed security
asset-backed security
other word
entire portfolio
crucial role
top rating
asset-backed issue
low yield
asset-backed issue
unexpected difficulty
asset-backed issue
economic condition
high rating
asset-backed investor
hard time
asset-backed security
high premium
good debt
advisory firm
asset-backed issue
asset-backed security
many people
more money
asset-backed security
financial planner
important advice
single sentence
serious investor
several investment
real estate
last year
own share
mutual fund
municipal bond
serious investor
other topic
high degree
collective judgment
last year
last year
economic slowdown
major investment
real estate
real estate
local area
possible recession
most part
past year
previous year
Canadian steel
metric ton
federal agency
metric ton
long-term care
real estate
subordinated debenture
financial flexibility
senior debt
further provision
high cost
nonperforming asset
loan-loss provision
competitive advantage
private security
friendly nation
own company
strategic threat
national security
assistant director
same time
good bet
only way
European firm
electronic security
foreign firm
corporate communication
few year
congressional committee
personal computer
chief executive
corporate communication
Swiss oil
Swiss trader
unusual agreement
Canadian dollar
joint bid
rival bid
foreign ownership
low bid
new agreement
foreign ownership
vice president
pharmaceutical company
French company
new product
other company
over-the-counter trading
other software
composite index
over-the-counter stock
big advance
other hand
third-quarter loss
previous rise
large stock
daily turnover
industrial index
other finance
commercial bank
real estate
small bank
retail investor
first quarter
other software
new software
optical character
third-quarter loss
commercial banking
real estate
real estate
senior debt
commercial paper
new issue
initial offering
previous estimate
third-quarter earning
few step
few minute
third game
medical colleague
classic baseball
true citizen
many TV
live event
impending history
long line
great moment
few minute
entire population
dual role
outstanding example
crucial moment
late stock
many people
weekly market
enough time
first thought
last week
further advance
other brokerage
wrong tone
mandatory retirement
free fall
industrial output
last month
low growth
retail sale
foreign economist
low growth
high inflation
Asian economist
urban worker
industrial growth
most worker
potential source
industrial output
many factory
bright side
last year
public ownership
Western economist
few week
industrial growth
new life
economic control
Chinese enterprise
joint venture
central bank
short-term loan
more money
many industry
steep inflation
several time
planned economy
industrial output
large source
central government
industrial product
first decline
direct statement
more credit
industrial production
second term
charitable group
big auction
capital-gains taxis
whole thing
congressional move
top tax
high income
individual retirement
several year
same bill
narrow tax
other bill
next year
Many group
last week
individual city
heavy industry
vice president
capital-gains legislation
capital-gains proposal
low treatment
capital-gains provision
low tax
major way
many tax
other tax
same tax
other tax
main obstacle
open game
year-earlier period
national air
metric ton
own career
previous work
good seller
private eye
private eye
high life
low life
good job
more care
Japanese edition
foreign information
Japanese business
financial service
Japanese woman
Japanese company
first step
major investment
real estate
Japanese concern
York-based investment
major deal
long view
recent month
American magazine
American advertiser
early stage
hard asset
strong profit
third quarter
third-quarter profit
net income
year-ago quarter
long-distance carrier
diversified division
new telephone
healthy growth
first time
comparable basis
modest earning
executive officer
negative factor
regulatory activity
fourth quarter
significant challenge
composite trading
strong growth
new telephone
year-ago quarter
long-distance telephone
new telephone
per-share earning
composite trading
high taxis
local taxis
high cost
net income
executive officer
past growth
low earning
new telephone
previous quarter
new access
composite trading
executive officer
composite trading
regulatory action
extraordinary item
long-distance telephone
one-time charge
good quarter
executive officer
new telephone
composite trading
one-time gain
net income
last year
environmental cost
environmental analysis
last quarter
third quarter
late quarter
special charge
composite trading
major oil
third-quarter result
similar pattern
crude oil
excess capacity
integrated oil
third-quarter earning
low chemical
net income
last year
domestic oil
natural gas
crude oil
last year
high oil
Canadian work
net income
unusual item
flat result
former chairman
executive officer
Many retailer
annual drop
chief economist
many store
stable chain
retail consultant
general merchandise
fourth quarter
year-ago figure
healthy store
troubled chain
thin merchandise
troubled chain
big threat
certain date
last year
big month
first time
other retailer
last year
fourth-quarter sale
new store
last year
many consumer
extra time
last minute
entire month
surprising choice
other writer
high population
short story
several time
good sense
after-tax charge
fourth quarter
fourth quarter
low result
fourth quarter
next week
fourth quarter
after-tax charge
after-tax charge
after-tax charge
next year
next week
Panamanian affair
foreign minister
last week
Panamanian dictator
democratic status
presidential candidate
few week
American president
democratic election
Contra movement
risky business
open field
electoral system
political issue
local agency
close ally
foreign policy
Soviet initiative
East bloc
military aid
recent end
few month
powerful radio
strategic interest
net income
third-quarter earning
pretax gain
full quarter
Third-quarter revenue
financial adviser
principal amount
senior note
subordinated debt
prime-time programming
independent station
fourth network
other affiliate
joint venture
last month
own TV
last month
independent station
key city
prime-time programming
next year
original series
original show
independent station
formal talk
general manager
real question
young audience
successful series
new entity
primary subsidiary
combined banking
friendly transaction
vice president
large presence
executive officer
executive officer
foreign bank
regulatory hurdle
high cost
low sale
third-quarter earning
full-year earning
last year
third-quarter profit
few business
late quarter
new program
high wage
bad debt
full-year earning
last year
heavy truck
defensive restructuring
big paper
existing holder
more equity
further purchase
third-quarter result
next year
second half
financial market
substantial part
first half
retail property
good price
third-quarter earning
net income
pretax charge
international business
chief executive
new line
other line
good position
net income
net income
slight decline
executive officer
further evidence
overall profit
new product
direct mail
long-term analysis
potential buyer
net income
major operation
small test
last year
critical section
several day
other official
several year
annual effort
such work
last year
final design
preliminary estimate
immediate investigation
many building
current building
more steel
previous earthquake
special shareholder
common share
common share
new share
composite trading
subordinated note
subordinated debenture
outstanding share
preferred series
fresh credit
old debt
industrial nation
East bloc
financial aid
German official
special goal
new hope
German state
German state
Western support
East bloc
separate speech
Western contribution
economic reform
political freedom
sensitive technology
East bloc
economic reform
nonprofit board
new business
Polish fund
industrialized country
direct aid
German mark
new credit
industrial project
last week
Polish debt
last year
free-market economy
foreign debt
democratic state
economic reform
state-owned industry
industrial investment
German state
last year
German bank
independent business
free-market economy
German bank
German bank
net income
world-wide volume
flat industry
fourth quarter
world-wide sale
retail trade
new product
new headquarters
next year
democratic choice
healthy sign
political security
strong position
past week
last week
last week
same bill
early 1980s
constitutional amendment
Republican consultant
few year
more percentage
pro-choice voter
senior job
wrong answer
other part
last year
much matter
own day
political debate
moral majority
few year
most state
net income
discontinued operation
natural resource
third quarter
discontinued operation
composite trading
high revenue
crude oil
natural gas
good will
year-earlier period
antitrust law
administrative complaint
Canadian dollar
convertible debenture
common share
certain condition
real estate
non-U.S. capital
noncallable issue
10-year note
serial bond
serial bond
available detail
total volume
full fee
European currency
French parent
Australian dollar
less fee
Swiss franc
convertible note
Swiss franc
convertible bond
Swiss franc
10-year debenture
10-year note
minimum amount
more information
more information
personal newsletter
personal computer
selected topic
new development
most people
high school
old network
electronic network
new product
new company
key word
early user
such word
limited version
personal computer
first time
corporate press
personal computer
own system
international news
particular country
international banker
overnight newsletter
new company
next day
raw datum
daily newsletter
early user
full press
financial announcement
key word
high value
total word
full operation
last month
human reader
key word
Many computer
electronic mail
technical datum
national computer
new company
commercial use
top priority
next couple
next week
advanced computer
daily news
former head
high-risk junk-bond
former trader
first half
high-yield bond
minor player
separate case
former bond
back pay
short-term debt
net income
strong gain
net income
overseas result
world-wide tobacco
year-earlier period
discontinued operation
average number
third quarter
composite trading
quarterly cash
Western state
new legislation
wild week
junk-bond disclosure
new tax
short-term trade
Palestinian politics
cautious secretary
military aid
Israeli cooperation
cold foot
Palestinian group
capital-gains tax
Democratic project
Democratic counterpart
medical research
fetal-tissue research
joint project
domestic job
political newsletter
political implication
key court
regulatory issue
major struggle
short list
composite trading
available cash
last year
key member
own team
more competition
own team
advisory board
chief executive
first order
enough money
appellate court
own team
added competition
next door
next door
safe way
national problem
same chemical
federal judge
federal court
corporate counsel
possible plan
metric ton
metric ton
Soviet purchase
metric ton
Soviet purchase
large amount
metric ton
Soviet interest
other thing
next week
Many farmer
heavy selling
other commodity
precious metal
core inflation
other news
last week
economic circumstance
principal gold
great need
foreign exchange
foreign loan
quiet trading
industrial metal
recent day
long production
long-term production
significant need
crude oil
most energy
late trading
legal activity
potential client
enough lawsuit
tough time
such case
legal barrier
last thing
little room
serious damage
federal engineer
private company
civil engineer
little success
damaged structure
proper design
private sector
public entity
so-called design
public structure
federal aid
free assistance
British firm
British firm
senior partner
British firm
British affiliate
long history
legal action
British firm
world-wide merger
other accounting
world-wide audit
big accounting
major accounting
general counsel
further comment
local official
more space
heavy drug
possible site
federal government
federal support
many company
big company
Many company
potential disaster
safe region
corporate emergency
critical people
certain supply
other disaster
such detail
certain time
own emergency
special phone
own computer
past year
new plan
affected area
vice president
corporate security
medical supply
enough food
cellular phone
major structure
final hour
federal thrift
federal regulator
real estate
federal regulator
net worth
real estate
last year
broad protection
federal agency
appellate panel
federal official
other case
punitive damage
other thing
sixth month
fat people
same pay
same hour
new defense
federal judge
other thing
vice chairman
last summer
former prosecutor
corporate defense
sixth partner
small firm
third-quarter earning
poor earning
net income
low earning
forest-products group
major problem
daily newspaper
composite trading
retail advertising
daily newspaper
second half
same time
national advertising
financial component
financial advertising
next year
soft year
next year
same problem
quarterly report
executive officer
negative factor
third-quarter earning
next summer
tough earning
many newspaper
after-tax gain
regional newspaper
flat revenue
tough revenue
good sign
second anniversary
last month
low inflation
blue-chip issue
over-the-counter stock
industrial average
heavy trading
last month
recent sign
good news
slow economy
vice chairman
institutional investor
further sign
economic weakness
few week
prime lending
chief executive
individual investor
fresh sign
huge junk-bond
stock-index future
individual stock
major market
heavy trading
late yesterday
presidential candidate
federal level
past half
presidential election
congressional district
different party
presidential election
past half
great percentage
popular vote
congressional seat
popular vote
recent decade
economic theory
partial explanation
political agent
Republican brand
private market
public action
Democratic brand
big government
private interest
basic responsibility
national issue
local issue
Democratic member
economic theory
local benefit
selected legislator
other legislator
national policy
local benefit
local benefit
individual voter
low taxis
several thing
past half
small role
individual legislator
specific benefit
overall cost
other legislator
much attention
national policy
low security
recent trend
more emphasis
national policy
difficult time
congressional office
potential candidate
congressional salary
Democratic opponent
Republican candidate
congressional candidate
partial reason
Democratic legislator
local benefit
strong incentive
national policy
Democratic counterpart
Democratic legislator
Republican colleague
personal staff
primary duty
personal staff
less attention
such vote
national policy
such vote
personal staff
national policy
other resource
additional piece
other factor
regional factor
popular vote
federal government
Republican candidate
federal level
other factor
Republican share
low state
least part
annual payment
total liability
early effort
final approval
poor woman
federal policy
new support
next year
Democratic leader
fiscal pressure
new fee
federal agency
unprecedented step
civil case
current funding
small state
annual appropriation
advanced technology
high-definition television
Republican counterpart
legislative war
conservative board
current board
new member
effective date
new regulation
current board
next year
international organization
significant increase
lead investment
possible sale
regulatory capital
new capital
federal legislation
advisory relationship
composite trading
annual budget
other day
many people
individual victory
little deal
good place
line-item veto
line-item veto
specific spending
big user
federal debt
congressional official
minimum figure
exact figure
more fund
most part
major corporation
big employer
full strength
big corporation
financial officer
financial impact
usual capacity
full hotel
clear sense
structural damage
foreign-exchange trading
extensive damage
small town
total damage
structural damage
late yesterday
federal fund
federal disaster
last month
additional fund
immediate requirement
short-term requirement
other agency
federal highway
more money
structural damage
major damage
major chunk
affected area
automotive business
federal highway
federal government
federal share
interstate highway
federal share
federal funding
several month
such disaster
temporary housing
several week
main highway
deputy district
easy choice
small share
usual problem
Western power
good bet
bad guy
late 1970s
solid evidence
slight support
military aid
military aid
vice president
vice president
additional responsibility
other business
net loss
first quarter
net income
year-earlier period
magnetic tape
corporate restructuring
third-quarter loss
potential loss
valid basis
legal right
other issue
late yesterday
over-the-counter trading
natural gas
such gas
natural gas
substantial amount
cellular phone
late trend
economic time
only state
real estate
sophisticated market
last year
heavy advertising
tough truck
future generation
only lender
present circumstance
new ad
new account
major advertising
new version
real thing
large competitor
new product
per-share earning
previous forecast
personal computer
previous estimate
third quarter
third week
executive officer
fourth quarter
third-quarter earning
third quarter
last year
net income
new product
new chip
same time
thin margin
ambitious research
overseas expansion
direct seller
over-the-counter trading
financial service
joint statement
combined holding
ordinary share
major shareholder
controlling interest
large minority
British life
prior consent
French company
third-quarter revenue
year-earlier quarter
net income
early quarter
net income
low interest
last year
Per-share earning
nine-month result
subordinated debenture
common stock
corporate purpose
French building
first half
Canadian unit
one-time gain
year-earlier result
full-year earning
good indication
one-time element
seasonal nature
local real-estate
short term
stable ground
recent month
potential buyer
short term
high price
high home
structural damage
vice president
other real-estate
potential buyer
corporate flight
certain industry
sensitive machinery
current building
new structure
present building
fourth-quarter dividend
third-quarter earning
net income
real estate
certain term
numerous financing
French paper
French maker
Japanese producer
European paper
third quarter
other adjustment
net income
public offering
natural resource
high interest
combined profit
previous quarter
net income
total gold
previous quarter
Canadian dollar
related transaction
Canadian bank
Canadian government
regulatory authority
more telephone
more competition
federal official
federal government
major telephone
legislative authority
federal government
federal regulation
regulatory authority
special legislation
quarterly dividend
preferred share
preferred stock
new management
last month
new credit
ongoing requirement
savings-and-loan institution
federal regulator
certain liability
mutual institution
normal business
new institution
failed bank
failed bank
financial group
main shareholder
future loss
new share
convertible bond
new company
joint control
joint venture
joint venture
optical product
major manufacturer
vice president
joint venture
current management
certain government
thin trading
technical factor
major exchange
first section
early trading
first section
small gain
possible effect
major earthquake
general manager
current range
long-term buying
future direction
other issue
high earning
fiscal year
strong earning
Japanese corporation
first half
real estate
100-share index
30-share index
active dealing
recent week
continued growth
personal lending
tight credit
retail demand
high interest
speculative buying
planned market
hot issue
hostile bid
European market
major stock
federal response
private meeting
vice president
local official
federal support
late yesterday
federal court
federal court
nine-month suspension
disciplinary measure
improper trading
disciplinary proceeding
additional asset
secondary market
senior partner
further information
annual meeting
common share
good interest
second anniversary
favorable inflation
low interest
retail level
big rise
wholesale energy
current bidding
key partner
new question
Democratic support
capital-gains cut
other tax
special interest
Many retailer
early retirement
next year
third quarter
late quarter
weak result
prime-time programming
independent station
third quarter
rapid recovery
high interest
minor loan
short interest
second decline
strong earning
third quarter
low profit
defensive restructuring
big rise
three-year contract
five-year contract
fiscal year
first time
constitutional amendment
slight majority
Democratic leader
Spanish writer
popular work
Soviet leader
significant development
sharp criticism
new leader
democratic freedom
pro-democracy protest
further rally
international meeting
human right
foreign minister
other activist
recent day
free election
other experiment
economic relation
two-day meeting
strategic town
foreign minister
civil war
political change
vice chairman
small increase
monetary policy
foreign-exchange dealer
fresh buying
little influence
significant slowdown
comprehensive measure
monetary policy
chief economist
technical move
hefty gain
major currency
Japanese investor
foreign exchange
speculative demand
recent level
Japanese currency
other currency
corporate trading
Japanese investor
moderate trading
estimated volume
early trading
executive officer
special dividend
quarterly dividend
net loss
net income
medical product
previous year
nine-month period
year-ago period
same period
composite trading
final financing
senior debt
other bank
high-yield junk
composite trading
previous bidder
great success
tough competition
annual return
net worth
many company
more room
medium-sized town
last week
public offering
same way
big institution
computerized tax
annual rate
other money
large amount
more growth
temporary worker
health-care area
second money
great company
new service
tough competition
other business
net loss
first quarter
Per-share earning
daily trading
common share
preferred stock
current quarter
preferred stock
current quarter
common share
common share
common share
many share
leveraged buy-out
past century
American business
special exchange
over-the-counter market
secondary market
first president
first day
listed stock
last year
listed stock
listed option
new exchange
financial trouble
federal court
large share
other owner
safe operation
financial consideration
past construction
financial condition
available fund
safe operation
third-quarter earning
new company
fourth quarter
net income
composite trading
net income
slow quarter
sluggish construction
major market
European auto
high sale
low price
composite trading
net income
more share
pretax loss
antitrust regulator
Japanese company
antitrust act
legal battle
more suit
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
own membership
communist government
economic reform
big woman
British jury
Japanese trading
Australian dollar
vice chairman
high level
vice president
economic growth
economic growth
next month
quick way
nuclear power
stiff opposition
first time
fourth quarter
significant change
last month
ambitious production
profitable vehicle
such incentive
last month
last month
general manager
total time
sluggish sale
heavy duty
last week
net income
third quarter
year-earlier period
third-quarter profit
low loan
tight interest
net income
one-time tax
commercial real-estate
loan-loss provision
weak real-estate
third quarter
definitive agreement
other product
big expense
prime minister
daily production
net income
year-earlier earning
high profit
net interest
late period
recent increase
fourth quarter
fiscal year
net income
first half
last year
composite trading
real estate
lead bank
domestic bank
additional advance
severe liquidity
health-care property
net income
year-ago period
huge increase
strong sale
last year
composite trading
extraordinary gain
anticipated proceed
last year
late period
Canadian government
natural gas
cubic foot
natural gas
Canadian dollar
natural gas
other hurdle
Canadian interest
natural gas
combined rate
cubic foot
natural gas
cubic foot
cubic foot
cubic foot
cubic foot
several investment
general purpose
related equipment
major shareholder
other hand
small part
last decade
other figure
steady component
past decade
other asset
popular mind
mutual fund
general public
main component
primary home
primary home
small saving
money-market fund
mutual fund
money-market fund
professional corporation
fair auction
per-share price
third party
broad power
independent group
executive officer
further action
independent director
current board
independent director
cellular interest
good interest
private market
independent director
independent director
particular asset
such buyer
third-quarter net
several movie
net loss
certain reserve
international operation
unspecified gain
composite trading
last day
less interest
last moment
other broker
real estate
first piece
last summer
limited partnership
difficult time
adverse publicity
related management
different insurance
white farmer
black worker
general store
black stock
white woman
large building
racial order
white office
black worker
own nation
prime minister
own nation
public facility
racial problem
entire nation
other farm
black worker
own field
white worker
black labor
prime minister
separate development
black labor
first people
many house
few factory
new nation
young man
black worker
general store
African society
own nation
new government
good advice
cold look
nervous signal
chief market
good time
dead branch
short period
long-term investment
other asset
good earning
technical analyst
most people
chief market
own judgment
good year
great earning
cyclical stock
heavy debt
economic slowdown
high debt
good course
individual investor
leveraged buy-out
more bank
few deal
financial adviser
long-term investor
hot stock
per-share earning
12-month period
substantial prospect
fundamental change
new product
various difficulty
four-year labor
financial officer
additional position
vice president
vice president
financial officer
vice president
executive officer
executive officer
executive officer
third-quarter earning
several year
high interest
preliminary report
structural damage
first time
consecutive quarter
second quarter
special factor
Third-quarter profit
second quarter
high tax
second quarter
third quarter
second quarter
Brazilian interest
second quarter
foreign loan
loan-loss provision
previous quarter
year-earlier quarter
net credit
third quarter
second period
big bank
third-quarter earning
key measure
good performance
third quarter
good performance
composite trading
common stock
previous quarter
net interest
other borrowing
high margin
strong growth
residential mortgage
total loan
major problem
Many plant
own language
personal computer
unusual display
next week
broad announcement
many quarter
heavy user
right direction
computerized manufacturing
different manufacturer
small player
big commitment
many company
certain type
various part
big player
whole idea
past couple
foreign competition
personal computer
plastic chip
low grade
significant weapon
same way
new car
separate franchise
own sign
new model
European market
limited sale
new product
European luxury
clear brand
domestic car
next month
new aircraft
American buyer
major factor
German currency
big dealer
third quarter
last fall
current sale
special committee
independent director
legal adviser
composite trading
last year
real estate
good way
big customer
net income
net loss
common share
net loss
late quarter
next month
net loss
net loss
common share
common share
open market
private transaction
early stock
strong cash
composite trading
vice chairman
executive officer
possible business
outside business
other business
financial-services area
mutual decision
other institution
new group
average rate
large bank
metropolitan area
annual yield
past century
American business
early pilot
new product
commercial sale
plastic model
plastic type
secret item
major difference
plastic model
plastic model
last year
most writer
large thrift
third quarter
slight earning
third-quarter net
year-earlier period
effective tax
third quarter
Pretax earning
net gain
high level
third-quarter profit
financial service
sharp increase
third quarter
own cost
one-time gain
various asset
recent quarter
continued weakness
real estate
year-ago period
third-quarter earning
strong dollar
last year
other factor
net income
composite trading
several business
low tax
net income
Third-quarter sale
unfair sale
related lawsuit
much question
cyclical condition
net income
financial service
new equipment
detailed plan
current cost
British bank
personal computer
electronic traffic
third floor
old building
few book
third floor
red light
bad part
second floor
minimal phone
general store
few minute
few minute
short-term memory
low level
medical center
hard life
few foot
first session
big trouble
few minute
third-quarter earning
year-earlier period
Per-share earning
average share
same quarter
strong price
major area
other thing
certain building
leveraged buy-out
clear veto
next week
similar legislation
present form
few week
official position
enough authority
foreign interest
major airline
large amount
costly safety
recent buy-out
volatile condition
leveraged buy-out
high degree
public interest
foreign investment
such authority
corporate raider
leveraged buy-out
strong gain
initial fear
100-share index
intraday high
major earthquake
direct impact
early loss
30-share index
narrow loss
early trading
several session
interest-rate increase
last week
technical factor
modest gain
composite insurer
most banking
positive comment
long-term prospect
early dealing
defensive plan
recent stock
leveraged bid
French franc
renewed takeover
potential battle
first section
early trading
small order
persistent strength
previous month
Japanese insurer
wide range
further investor
short term
electric utility
substantial gain
institutional investor
outstanding issue
strong earning
new type
second session
second day
first trading
major share
major computer
major stock
low level
last recession
annual rate
last month
steep drop
central bank
new home
last month
new construction
chief economist
30-year fixed-rate
interest-rate environment
single family
annual rate
previous month
annual rate
future construction
annual rate
economic indicator
more information
net income
second quarter
after-tax gain
third-quarter net
year-earlier loss
late period
institutional money
net income
second quarter
net income
common share
late quarter
composite trading
high commission
own account
industrywide trading
institutional investor
continued slowdown
major drug
third-quarter earning
flat earning
third quarter
third quarter
health-care product
third quarter
strong sale
net income
effective tax
foreign tax
additional operation
composite trading
third-quarter sale
net income
several product
world-wide sale
large gain
health-care segment
pharmaceutical sale
federal approval
composite trading
European cosmetic
Brazilian affiliate
over-the-counter drug
new unit
European cosmetic
pharmaceutical sale
cold product
world-wide consumer
European cosmetic
low sale
high sale
first half
composite trading
Swedish auto
regional air
historic home
personal property
long-term impact
large industry
historic home
economic disaster
narrow focus
historic city
next spring
pretax gain
real estate
commercial bank
international airline
preliminary commitment
powerful labor
short time
own way
recent contract
free hand
foreign investment
new order
moral quality
such criticism
new kind
foreign capital
new investment
foreign debt
little money
new partner
big obstacle
old union
recent contract
outside contract
enormous source
new contract
chief executive
technical worker
much money
new contract
previous government
new spirit
big conglomerate
first time
other customer
previous move
private investment
large quantity
recent year
foreign investment
secondary product
private company
foreign one
foreign oil
foreign control
new union
new world
more executive
top manager
Many couple
recent year
vice president
similar behavior
more explanation
industrial competitor
Japanese employee
American worker
Japanese employer
new employee
few month
vice president
corporate quality
American employer
net saving
corporate security
big challenge
vice president
separate study
general job
foreign giant
former owner
top management
bottom line
new management
several step
chief executive
top management
tight control
corporate profit
top management
senior manager
definitive agreement
last month
third quarter
own holding
good prospect
vice president
after-tax earning
primary capital
additional expansion
positive move
low price
300-a-share buy-out
financial officer
new bid
several week
new bid
second-largest airline
straight day
composite trading
original buy-out
annual cost
new bid
original transaction
new buy-out
labor-management group
less debt
original proposal
new price
original offer
full price
large chunk
less money
new proposal
great rate
original proposal
legal obligation
internal opposition
other employee
federal court
dissident pilot
previous lawsuit
corporate effort
health-care cost
long-term rate
last decade
many corporation
health-care cost
second opinion
such plan
other cost
long-term rate
health-care cost
two-year study
previous trend
administrative cost
health-care expert
current review
actual need
particular procedure
main focus
general rule
alternative treatment
federal research
medical treatment
medical practice
vice president
good job
medical service
good evidence
same time
health-care system
administrative cost
whole staff
different procedure
great effort
reasonable burden
preliminary agreement
new line
British plant
Dutch truck
new truck
definitive agreement
few month
late example
French franc
joint venture
considerable saving
existing range
light good
European market
light truck
combined market
world-wide marketing
new range
light truck
separate arrangement
similar right
state-owned chemical
institutional change
unusual kind
attractive target
high interest
economic growth
common feature
public opinion
additional responsibility
public interest
public interest
severe recession
enormous inflation
monetary policy
monetary policy
same period
basic problem
monetary policy
general reason
monetary policy
monetary policy
net improvement
formal provision
common proposal
low interest
political agent
political president
extraordinary weight
next election
real business
reasonable member
congressional decision
primary emphasis
more weight
other objective
low interest
economic expansion
fiscal policy
monetary policy
political part
present arrangement
political part
basic question
monetary policy
monetary policy
great contribution
primary responsibility
hard decision
hard decision
other objective
other objective
other agency
other objective
other objective
legitimate competitor
high employment
real growth
economic policy
other goal
high employment
rapid growth
former chairman
less-developed country
net loss
per-share loss
net income
long-term loan
less-developed country
nonperforming asset
last week
social question
new regulation
next week
easy approval
several month
abortion-rights movement
last week
special session
poor woman
congressional legislation
easy approval
abortion-rights activist
last week
major event
more time
abortion-rights activist
great test
pro-choice movement
political scientist
electoral issue
emotional issue
long time
abortion-rights activist
first place
appropriate material
next week
principal obstacle
abortion-rights activist
enough vote
next spring
second doctor
executive director
public fund
special session
administrative director
next year
legislative activity
same time
legislative strategy
reasonable measure
public funding
other side
alternative funding
pro-choice legislator
first time
executive director
public offering
final approval
simple voice
executive branch
former president
other government
criminal investigation
large increase
annual appropriation
influential lawmaker
legislative provision
four-year period
separate development
private meeting
major provision
final settlement
technical information
public relation
new position
vice president
corporate communication
defensive restructuring
financial market
British conglomerate
defensive restructuring
extraordinary shareholder
institutional holder
blue chip
big claim
late market
big paper
existing holder
next year
first half
second half
right time
particular step
small tobacco
financial-services business
few day
potential bidder
possible delay
second quarter
second half
adequate bid
potential bidder
retail unit
potential bidder
new bid
junk-bond financing
initial offer
potential claim
substantial portion
potential claim
minor damage
normal yesterday
full operation
vice president
general manager
serious damage
structural damage
late yesterday
little damage
executive director
full service
significant yesterday
large carrier
global group
British company
major player
giant rival
new hotel
rare opportunity
valuable brand
possible buyer
possible buyer
such company
pretax profit
British beer
soft drink
new rule
free house
free house
last month
British beer
new hotel
joint ownership
additional investment
first division
global player
chief executive
executive duty
new cash
two-year note
real estate
limited partnership
quarterly cash
real estate
limited partnership
limited partner
common share
third-quarter profit
certain paper
other factor
net income
year-earlier period
composite trading
first line
new mainframe
big company
second-largest computer
new technology
broad base
new line
nuclear war
new life
huge mainframe
recent year
traditional mainframe
new approach
vice president
high performance
central computer
personal computer
other device
big price
new line
difficult time
current mainframe
huge profit
next week
new generation
enormous market
large corporation
critical business
corporate accounting
key marketing
large number
big customer
such company
vice president
strategic planning
low price
large computer
strong sale
next year
fiscal year
large customer
full family
next week
next year
first model
scientific buyer
more model
commercial customer
most analyst
new mainframe
first quarter
new line
long time
costly decision
interim product
high end
more competition
joint venture
futures-related program
more investor
early yesterday
many investor
corporate takeover
more volatility
junk-bond area
only thing
institutional investor
great buying
chief investment
massive earthquake
foreign oil
major market
sluggish activity
30-year issue
late yesterday
vice president
general manager
general manager
net income
fourth quarter
late result
second half
major carrier
third-quarter result
several day
third quarter
fourth quarter
little bit
whole industry
regular meeting
good interest
current decline
leveraged company
third-quarter result
fourth quarter
adequate capital
deputy chairman
main banking
executive duty
deputy chairman
main board
deputy chairman
main group
structural damage
full cost
last year
annual decline
most group
economic health
American family
first time
sharp increase
last year
last year
other government
continued growth
past couple
poor family
black family
last year
great share
other government
male worker
high price
such drop
female worker
last year
black family
few people
other change
executive officer
chief executive
solid waste
international venture
early retirement
detailed datum
other body
other hand
such material
good flight
several experiment
positive view
remarkable recovery
next month
public official
other policy
private relief
federal official
federal bureaucracy
public bureaucracy
last week
federal judge
hostile takeover
federal court
similar suit
first time
major payment
potential liability
other shareholder
dissident shareholder
final argument
federal judge
central charge
criminal case
similar charge
federal jury
lead counsel
other insurer
commercial policy
potential responsibility
such proceeding
ordinary businessman
potential damage
considerable impact
environmental law
commercial insurance
other appeal
federal appeal
administrative government
procedural base
legal problem
legal help
legal help
legal need
other area
public benefit
health-care issue
new client
civil division
civil litigation
white-collar defense
general counsel
corporate law
international law
general counsel
conventional mortgage
other half
convertible mortgage
convertible loan
other half
new manager
square foot
real estate
convertible mortgage
popular way
convertible mortgage
certain amount
main advantage
convertible mortgage
anti-takeover restructuring
Japanese institution
last summer
real estate
competitive price
real estate
Japanese authority
much publicity
convertible debt
first round
last spring
real estate
definitive agreement
European computer
medium-sized business
educational institution
certain condition
regulatory approval
congressional legislation
leveraged buy-out
such deal
certain junk
high-yield debt
zero-coupon bond
current rule
such debt
vice president
several year
second provision
existing rule
public company
strong bid
public company
possible solution
big stake
little bit
convertible bond
low interest
five-year maturity
foreign investor
tax-exempt pension
first year
new rule
volatile market
foreign currency
average fund
federal aid
temporary housing
federal agency
military police
heavy cost
more money
enormous cost
outstanding cost
federal government
large amount
federal disaster
next week
special disaster
bad month
other way
other state
federal aid
affected area
additional housing
other program
federal agency
certain tax
specific relief
six-month period
federal official
large number
military facility
military service
medical supply
military police
military base
naval station
several day
various agency
individual assistance
federal assistance
federal official
federal highway
local government
natural disaster
federal law
red tape
tough standard
federal aid
first phase
other phase
major structure
first phase
last year
last fall
high level
last year
next year
near record
other cost
single chunk
difficult question
financial cost
corporate pension
corporate plan
political action
late approval
charitable donation
next year
tight budget
charitable donation
political donation
political contribution
federal approval
direct mail
last year
more money
less time
last year
soft drink
vice president
new friend
new edition
metropolitan area
net income
flat earning
high cost
other program
late period
significant earning
military aircraft
initial production
prime contractor
composite trading
excessive cost
such contract
net loss
military aircraft
high level
high cost
advanced version
net income
strong demand
new version
over-the-counter trading
first half
costly promotion
previous customer
quarterly average
new version
other competitor
early delay
good share
corporate official
many worker
many people
little bit
other company
structural weakness
normal work
major facility
corporate headquarters
many company
sudden surge
electric power
integrated circuit
several factor
suburban stretch
late safety
past decade
several part
good news
such company
immediate future
nuclear weapon
several engineering
good shape
lucrative sector
next year
fast way
good job
federal bankruptcy
monthly sale
new company
first entrepreneur
congressional hearing
small businessman
new product
large egg
other food
high speed
fresh egg
big egg
few month
early 1970s
main reason
rare case
large amount
bad egg
good one
such argument
human nature
other branch
potential market
congressional hearing
national ban
antitrust suit
federal court
legal fee
new company
same time
only thing
internal tone
young writer
enough experience
own material
first time
German director
comic bit
good idea
good idea
small time
good one
most night
other job
ordinary job
big corporation
last minute
particular version
own right
first time
next month
other good
composite trading
tentative agreement
new post
vice president
advanced material
advanced material
preferred stock
common stock
per-share price
early result
fiscal impact
fiscal year
after-tax effect
after-tax effect
net loss
fourth-quarter loss
financial alternative
possible sale
composite trading
last week
certain thing
other hand
different story
disciplinary action
financial firm
last year
other thing
new post
executive officer
vice president
new post
executive officer
chief executive
mutual fund
usual rate
late week
recent decline
good yield
comparable investment
seven-day compound
taxable fund
late week
current yield
major bank
average rate
recent month
high yield
late week
vice president
money-market fund
normal level
commercial paper
high yield
average maturity
consecutive week
simple yield
simple yield
30-day compound
taxable fund
seven-day compound
seven-day compound
late week
seven-day compound
massive restructuring
complex restructuring
large buyer
world-wide ad
ambitious goal
large agency
only way
good price
much publicity
French franc
large medium
joint venture
major agency
various agency
other advertising
direct marketing
joint chairman
executive officer
new agency
big plan
new agency
dramatic growth
new agency
possible purchase
last year
small agency
large client
international client
favorite name
attractive agency
powerful alliance
powerful link
creative product
world-wide agency
top executive
long-term employment
longstanding plan
chief executive
public relation
other business
such advertising
other agency
preferred share
current uncertainty
late yesterday
new business
structural damage
new account
last year
vice president
world-wide director
direct marketing
vice president
new beer
first ad
light beer
light beer
joint venture
next week
Japanese auto
Japanese auto
remarkable feature
international attention
other word
strong ally
democratic reform
strong ally
such sentiment
adverse feeling
odd effort
political problem
recent year
many people
ongoing crisis
enough difficulty
good idea
important contribution
federal department
such solution
very program
last week
political credit
such member
important statement
Republican consultant
federal government
various way
private home
high bidder
future loss
more money
public housing
last week
decent life
inner city
executive officer
large structure
social arrangement
human progress
political economy
leveraged buy-out
other way
early 1980s
ample reason
other way
low profit
corporate investment
pretax profit
early 1980s
average firm
other way
risky bet
other way
huge debt
normal law
leveraged buy-out
great merger
previous estimate
lead story
junk-bond market
capital-gains tax
American worker
weekly wage
other word
whole structure
real cost
Japanese newspaper
such discussion
competitive threat
Many airline
European airline
Japanese report
last week
separate airline
last year
separate company
last month
world-wide computer
other airline
European airline
large order
several airline
other carrier
last month
last week
first step
commercial agreement
annual sale
financial market
late yesterday
late yesterday
new option
main floor
several day
limited basis
uncertain situation
daily volume
executive officer
uncertain road
main facility
municipal bond
mutual fund
other order
regular day
other help
other company
first time
last month
financial district
financial instrument
specified price
financial instrument
specified price
common share
composite trading
past decade
common share
recent problem
enormous amount
second quarter
recent day
additional purchase
good way
per-share earning
long-term investment
short term
little effect
long term
annual dividend
institutional investor
last year
strong result
personal computer
annual revenue
other factor
strong dollar
overseas earning
per-share earning
full year
last year
big way
institutional investor
hot line
few hour
full information
long price
fourth-quarter profit
third-quarter earning
big boost
strong profit
temporary pipeline
big housing
physical damage
low earning
financial impact
extra cost
damaged telephone
heavy construction
executive officer
potential risk
rapid plunge
regulatory capital
widespread trading
small option
financial market
recent year
financial trading
leveraged option
financial future
late 1970s
most trading
financial district
other activity
second thought
only thing
favorite brand
such oil
high quality
many customer
environmental concern
other priority
short-term promotion
new product
heavy use
vice president
real product
American way
most consumer
certain type
such product
single brand
same brand
same brand
other thing
significant role
such product
particular brand
same brand
strong brand
more consumer
old consumer
old claim
more brand
other research
high quality
reasonable price
good value
bottom end
vice chairman
wild card
more brand
other time
vice president
good job
emotional bond
strong brand
most brand
other sale
strong brand
most company
good reason
powerful brand
several market
good sense
competitive brand
vice president
core franchise
heavy user
new advertising
difficult task
last month
structural damage
vice president
psychological impact
strong gain
other insurer
structural damage
most insurer
commercial air
cellular phone
other part
large home
large writer
separate policy
personal property
residential property
natural disaster
preliminary estimate
costly damage
financial problem
natural disaster
recent week
total capital
future exposure
overall price
new buy
individual company
small one
good chance
overseas insurer
big claim
much exposure
insured loss
insured loss
over-the-counter trading
environmental consulting
related debt
preferred share
start-up company
cheap executive
joint manufacturing
friendly alliance
big shareholder
last month
British company
independent company
other car
initial announcement
subsequent takeover
late yesterday
executive car
wide range
executive model
large bid
European auto
anti-takeover measure
outside investor
valuable weapon
strong growth
modest gain
third-quarter net
small drop
strong revenue
third-quarter earning
recent acquisition
12-month period
third quarter
overall access
third-quarter earning
long-term debt
net income
long run
recent acquisition
12-month period
third quarter
pretax charge
local service
2-for-1 stock
extraordinary loss
early debt
extraordinary loss
extraordinary gain
American way
different question
other factor
American way
first trading
busy session
computer-guided program
sharp drop
official report
Stock-index arbitrage
controversial form
stock-index future
other strategy
big swing
such datum
monthly report
computer-guided trading
program-trading firm
few executive
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index future
first time
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index arbitrage
semiannual dividend
common share
net loss
quarterly dividend
potential loss
real estate
large bank
real estate
net loss
quarterly dividend
real estate
loan-loss reserve
long-term interest
overall assessment
federal regulator
potential loss
real estate
vice president
real estate
over-the-counter trading
second anniversary
individual investor
safe place
long time
190-point plunge
new wave
more time
individual investor
potential customer
exact way
regional brokerage
common stock
wide swing
bad news
big brokerage
retail brokerage
enough business
modest progress
high percentage
retail investor
recent month
retail business
monthly level
retail participation
retail participation
late month
retail activity
recent day
vice president
small investor
retail sale
individual investor
tremendous reaction
leveraged buy-out
important issue
retail investor
long-term outlook
retail brokerage
non-U.S. capital
general obligation
total volume
less fee
Japanese parent
full fee
initial interest
subsequent margin
equity-purchase warrant
Swiss franc
convertible note
Swiss franc
Swiss franc
convertible note
Swiss franc
full fee
secured equipment
unsecured note
first part
second part
third part
fourth part
last week
federal district
proper document
previous consent
other action
permanent injunction
mutual fund
capital-gains tax
same time
small group
similar plan
federal borrowing
capital-gains tax
joint proposal
top tax
top rate
corporate asset
individual retirement
first home
medical expense
current IRA
new IRA
capital-gains plan
capital-gains tax
other amendment
federal borrowing
current debt
deficit-reduction bill
capital-gains provision
many year
most business
economic life
main factor
widespread damage
strict building
wide damage
tremendous energy
most part
major city
high technology
American city
vice president
enough power
few telephone
extra foot
many computer
late yesterday
metropolitan region
total output
chief economist
many company
serious problem
other road
damaged water
limited production
severe damage
other building
most bank
few problem
large number
same time
vice president
long-distance company
long-term effect
national product
major construction
regional economist
federal dollar
local employment
more construction
related company
long period
near term
first effect
corporate profit
many trip
economic term
long-term impact
American city
few week
early damage
more information
direct hit
major city
total damage
enormous sum
insured loss
primary claim
many claim
adequate insurance
high percentage
additional insurance
great majority
small house
economic effect
plastic building
other death
special report
30-year bond
first sale
new bond
savings-and-loan institution
particular offer
local level
more information
possible side
more information
only company
federal official
much information
new supply
early yesterday
certain insurance
massive damage
major focus
chief economist
economic number
30-year bond
first hour
most junk
recent week
high-quality junk
mutual fund
liquid issue
late sign
certain junk
late offering
secured note
unsecured note
late date
unsecured paper
new junk
new government
next week
money-market research
current level
next week
late yesterday
30-year bond
new government
troubled thrift
municipal market
minor impact
municipal debt
certain bond
high yield
extra premium
municipal portfolio
substantial amount
chief economist
new debt
public facility
late yesterday
quiet trading
30-year bond
10-year note
short-term rate
corporate issue
corporate bond
new issue
secured equipment
municipal bond
broad market
much investor
general obligation
long maturity
negative news
general obligation
late trading
light dealing
sizable amount
derivative market
real estate
foreign bond
British government
economic figure
financial community
economic policy
such change
Japanese government
quiet trading
communist world
East bloc
constitutional change
communist nation
enormous implication
political leader
new party
German news
German government
separate meeting
physical condition
intense speculation
Western medium
advanced nation
Soviet bloc
last month
large wave
official line
German leadership
German television
last night
pro-democracy group
different interest
communist party
German government
last week
key ally
economic affair
fundamental change
central figure
young member
similar career
internal security
top party
few official
few month
Chinese government
separate visit
particular fear
German government
recent day
excessive force
modest step
dissident group
German government
Western analyst
same time
German people
German official
wide range
German press
first step
Soviet leader
new leadership
Soviet news
German bureaucracy
old generation
other nation
former leader
East bloc
German medium
Soviet publication
own road
valid objective
German leadership
communist party
first sign
first time
economic growth
central planning
independent reform
German society
communist leader
only state
economic growth
economic report
domestic product
constant price
slow growth
other end
German inflation
joint venture
new facility
last year
natural gas
current visit
possible quantity
Chinese official
naval base
last week
national airline
preliminary agreement
direct flight
Israeli airline
top official
direct air
widespread interest
early trading
British company
hard paper
major customer
soft tissue
official people
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
grand jury
former director
last month
former research
criminal charge
initial moment
first hour
lackluster performance
natural disaster
last summer
slow start
general manager
entire night
fourth game
next week
last night
common stock
net income
composite trading
quarterly dividend
low dividend
sudden dividend
expensive agreement
federal regulator
financial result
troubled utility
net income
only company
late period
nuclear facility
other operation
late quarter
late quarter
loan-loss reserve
substantial addition
late period
year-earlier period
late quarter
public real-estate
limited partnership
limited partnership
troubled real-estate
limited partnership
general partner
new partnership
financial restructuring
real estate
limited partnership
financial condition
net loss
second quarter
net loss
year-earlier period
composite trading
additional comment
limited partnership
financial planner
would-be raider
own stake
big stake
estimated buy-out
composite trading
current price
hostile bid
usual role
big stake
big loss
recent day
own share
tiny profit
big trading
good price
such disclosure
big holding
second half
lackluster profit
several quarter
recent day
fundamental investment
traditional investment
subordinated debenture
consecutive trading
first quarter
personal computer
major country
quarterly loss
additional question
first quarter
preliminary information
final result
next month
fourth-quarter loss
few week
composite trading
more dealer
long-term strategy
right one
other area
several month
strong market
educational software
strong sale
personal computer
several time
more memory
routine trading
big plunge
broad average
modest gain
consecutive session
further selling
few week
due today
stock-index future
major factor
high level
futures-related program
early move
more volatility
few session
good performer
forest-products issue
composite trading
other company
major damage
savings-and-loan stock
leveraged buy-out
300-a-share takeover
net income
several brokerage
third-quarter result
third-quarter loss
planned restructuring
third-quarter profit
net income
Per-share figure
York-based tobacco
composite trading
detailed information
major business
current spot
third quarter
Canadian dollar
total gold
huge business
such software
new market
same time
few machine
less assistance
first quarter
discontinued operation
second quarter
full year
fourth quarter
first quarter
discontinued operation
late period
pretax charge
common share
Dutch auction
Dutch auction
common share
other share
final price
composite trading
net income
big gain
low interest
poor result
foreign-exchange trading
one-time gain
less-developed nation
additional reserve
natural gas
open market
third-quarter loss
net loss
third quarter
year-ago quarter
preferred stock
preferred stock
high earning
unsecured bank
significant interest
leveraged buy-out
financial flexibility
extensive restructuring
core business
third quarter
automotive part
annual sale
separate announcement
related business
after-tax charge
third quarter
net loss
net income
composite trading
Italian TV
Italian TV
other investor
high mark
catastrophic earthquake
positive role
special edition
many newspaper
final negotiation
similar decision
same contract
low bid
late decision
net income
year-earlier quarter
executive officer
economic slowdown
sluggish economy
third-quarter earning
year-earlier period
low price
most product
raw material
executive officer
per-share basis
quarterly earning
last year
third quarter
few week
federal assistance
own money
last month
common stock
added revenue
composite trading
current level
further rise
Korean business
recent gain
foreign exchange
Korean import
joint meeting
agricultural trade
federal law
primary purpose
real estate
last year
such profit
federal law
real estate
separate capital
administrative cost
promotional dollar
Australian owner
different spirit
more mail
mixed review
small business
monthly magazine
legitimate magazine
joint venture
joint venture
last summer
joint venture
steep loss
joint venture
competitive war
many woman
new acquisition
industrial consumer
global supply
French chemical
British government
net income
year-ago loss
third quarter
late quarter
composite trading
important contribution
net income
year-earlier loss
female employee
disciplinary action
further violation
disciplinary action
right mind
regional carrier
last week
general proposal
specific offer
vice president
financial consultant
pretax profit
six-month period
Pretax profit
year-earlier period
electrical product
strong growth
net income
third quarter
financial service
primary share
financial service
last year
other banking
nonperforming loan
real estate
nine-month net
primary share
net loss
loan-loss reserve
net income
last year
third quarter
late quarter
next week
additional reserve
certain asset
over-the-counter trading
after-tax charge
public offering
natural gas
one-time gain
after-tax loss
last year
net income
one-time charge
third quarter
natural gas
fourth-quarter charge
discontinued operation
planned sale
initial offering
net gain
sizable gas
new debt
foreign creditor
foreign debt
chief debt
new agreement
current agreement
new debt
new agreement
overseas creditor
private sector
next year
total debt
short-term claim
long-term loan
10-year period
foreign debt
net income
third quarter
one-time gain
late quarter
low equity
forest-products group
regional newspaper
negative factor
next year
special election
congressional seat
presidential election
last week
most case
annual sale
various state
many company
integrated circuit
annual sale
structural damage
annual sale
annual revenue
annual sale
little damage
minimal delay
annual sale
minor damage
electronic part
annual sale
little damage
annual sale
structural damage
annual sale
slight damage
personal computer
annual sale
minor damage
annual revenue
annual sale
structural damage
few day
senior management
annual sale
next week
personal computer
annual sale
heavy damage
retail company
annual sale
corporate office
retail center
annual sale
annual sale
minor damage
structural damage
next week
annual sale
next week
annual sale
annual sale
structural damage
medical product
annual sale
little damage
full operation
annual sale
structural engineer
annual sale
minor damage
operational today
annual sale
structural damage
annual sale
personal computer
annual sale
minor damage
operational yesterday
annual sale
major damage
annual sale
full operation
annual sale
major damage
operational today
industrial product
annual sale
minor damage
annual sale
joint venture
limited production
annual revenue
minor damage
few branch
personal computer
electronic equipment
annual sale
minimal suspension
annual sale
little damage
annual sale
financial service
annual revenue
annual sale
annual sale
few people
several day
annual sale
structural damage
annual sale
minor damage
annual sale
minor damage
integrated circuit
annual sale
structural damage
full operation
annual sale
minor damage
integrated manufacturing
annual sale
minor damage
annual sale
structural damage
annual sale
annual sale
full operation
annual sale
minor damage
structural damage
major power
extensive damage
electric line
annual sale
major concern
structural damage
cellular site
cellular phone
big slowdown
major damage
other plant
small business
annual sale
structural damage
annual sale
major damage
annual sale
retail food
annual sale
structural damage
major problem
many store
annual sale
minor damage
hard disk
annual sale
minor damage
annual sale
minor damage
annual sale
little damage
annual sale
significant damage
Many employee
financial service
annual sale
annual sale
minor damage
annual sale
minimal damage
late yesterday
annual sale
minor damage
main product
annual revenue
minor damage
structural damage
near future
central computer
video display
annual sale
structural damage
full operation
annual sale
structural damage
structural engineer
late yesterday
long-term effect
serious question
new stretch
deputy district
total damage
local politician
early 1970s
only place
many obstacle
structural engineer
long metal
adequate number
structural engineer
such support
immediate explanation
reasonable care
reasonable care
severe earthquake
second round
top priority
substantial uncertainty
other thing
federal security
general partner
good alternative
further meeting
first year
second year
third year
last month
other thing
preferred stock
special committee
financial consideration
full board
financial institution
federal help
first earthquake
local leader
British building
pretax profit
financial year
Pretax profit
extraordinary item
great earthquake
random fashion
great damage
great damage
financial district
public policy
old building
third floor
old building
next week
national sale
next year
classic name
tremendous value
original brand
new product
other factor
large increase
soft drink
interstate highway
major disaster
third game
pro-democracy group
constitutional change
democratic system
legislative session
free election
next summer
Soviet bloc
new law
House-Senate meeting
American good
last year
annual decline
disappointing statement
first time
other nation
Arab official
civil war
political change
great role
judicial employee
vice president
real estate
real estate
former marketing
last year
industrial product
net income
year-ago quarter
third-quarter net
late quarter
composite trading
full-year earning
last year
full-year profit
fourth-quarter net
fourth-quarter performance
third-quarter earning
several factor
soft price
basic chemical
strong dollar
overseas customer
year-ago period
great case
great case
judicial history
judicial activist
basic structure
constitutional history
much chance
legal strategy
high ground
free speech
good medium
legal thought
judicial culture
federal court
long history
great decision
close friend
long view
most decision
such pressure
great issue
new right
big auction
last night
financial risk
high price
initial sale
last night
big chunk
minimum price
financial commitment
such report
financial interest
financial arrangement
small sale
financial consideration
important part
Australian businessman
high bid
such deal
good work
more competition
good deal
substantial portion
usual commission
high estimate
last night
Japanese conglomerate
financial interest
such situation
good light
open eye
financial guarantee
primary role
new leader
same task
socialist colleague
new leader
immediate threat
good chance
young version
same career
socialist citizen
German security
young member
German people
German ground
serious effort
German state
world-wide opinion
ideological crisis
same period
main weapon
own people
ideological people
other side
automatic citizen
German party
main problem
German radio
European state
new leader
most business
leveraged buy-out
congressional legislation
such deal
leveraged buy-out
common share
capital-gains tax
similar proposal
low price
British carrier
new bid
junk-bond market
defensive restructuring
British conglomerate
recent turmoil
financial market
major restructuring
quarterly loss
personal computer
cheap executive
soft yesterday
corporate trader
major earthquake
Asian trade
foreign-exchange dealer
financial market
lackluster performance
foreign-exchange trader
recent week
central bank
190-point plunge
recent move
last week
central bank
federal fund
many bank
full capacity
additional reason
high level
third set
additional liquidity
federal fund
foreign exchange
federal fund
bad news
early trading
slight recovery
Japanese investor
leveraged buy-out
positive news
hefty rise
current delivery
moderate trading
estimated volume
early trading
crude price
heavy earthquake
specific information
European market
large oil
overseas market
past year
immediate damage
crude price
crude oil
crude stock
more impact
structural damage
other commodity
Mexican government
significant quantity
official announcement
critical issue
major supply
major supplier
first analyst
long term
good demand
low level
economic report
two-day gain
current commitment
next year
Japanese announcement
adverse weather
real factor
last week
principal support
recent week
quarterly report
tight supply
other thing
common stock
unsecured debt
new drug
long-term effect
major obstacle
pharmaceutical giant
other problem
most transplant
other drug
financial stake
psychological reaction
high value
high price
medical supply
immediate relief
fair price
rich family
essential relief
potential health
quick profit
short-term gain
economic equity
speculative advance
military unit
individual citizen
free market
free market
high bidder
free market
economic value
essential good
good will
affected area
bad theory
long memory
effective price
major theater
regional theater
modern audience
few week
young audience
new season
funny time
first act
male resident
few hour
real estate
little capacity
extra seat
past decade
new building
real estate
financial package
first time
educational facility
new theater
heavy selling
over-the-counter market
big stock
big move
industrial average
listed market
short-term implication
heavy exposure
last month
Many investor
high rate
low rate
intense competition
big insurance
vice president
other trading
first quarter
year-earlier quarter
heavy trading
Canadian dollar
rival bid
pharmaceutical concern
pharmaceutical concern
Canadian government
last week
net benefit
federal official
major setback
capital-gains tax
procedural ground
hard choice
sure way
chief economist
first word
future income
capital-gains tax
enormous impact
total value
steady advance
capital-gains proposal
real money
financial press
capital-gains tax
other plan
capital-gains tax
long run
high taxis
serious consideration
retail sale
important game
Federal prosecutor
guilty plea
illegal payment
independent record
criminal tax
last year
other defendant
quarterly profit
five-cent change
actual earning
actual result
actual profit
30-day estimate
actual profit
300-day estimate
advanced acquisition
federal utility
public debt
average interest
financial officer
public offering
last week
short term
public market
public debt
five-year bond
10-year bond
30-year bond
five-year call
own fund
closed-end fund
separate purchase
composite trading
vice president
vice president
vice president
public relation
vice president
large purchase
good buy
good shape
good investment
other director
2-for-1 stock
mutual fund
last week
legal battle
wide range
fresh air
such suit
environmental guideline
planned office
significant litigation
additional lawsuit
appellate division
historic theater
federal judge
political act
last month
political act
foreign court
judicial process
foreign country
foreign country
big law
legal matter
corporate finance
international transaction
past year
instant opinion
single term
past century
American business
Arab state
Arab nation
European ally
Arab producer
Arab oil
precious supply
crude oil
executive officer
substantial dividend
fiscal year
other firm
late period
fiscal year
past year
low commission
first quarter
financial officer
vice president
vice president
particular element
executive committee
executive officer
corporate finance
past year
last year
active role
day-to-day management
strategic focus
chief executive
few month
top official
controversial takeover
chief executive
executive position
early retirement
personal reason
deputy chairman
financial service
healthy position
good shape
last month
pretax profit
first half
healthy growth
corporate finance
non-U.S. capital
10-year note
serial bond
lead underwriter
serial bond
general obligation
zero-coupon bond
general obligation
serial bond
total volume
equity-purchase warrant
equity-purchase warrant
equity-purchase warrant
Australian dollar
full fee
first part
30-year issue
second part
noncallable bond
10-year issue
10-year note
third part
noncallable bond
five-year issue
comparable note
interim president
executive officer
grand jury
alleged violation
federal food
criminal inquiry
criminal investigation
false drug
federal judge
vice president
interim basis
chief executive
permanent basis
significant step
federal spending
much support
federal spending
federal program
poor people
effective fashion
tough talk
golden opportunity
public interest
federal spending
major factor
positive trend
continued support
new spending
capital-gains cut
catastrophic health
many member
own initiative
previous sale
Canadian government
Canadian dollar
general government
common share
common share
Japanese investor
strong rally
volatile trading
similar reaction
big drop
early trading
first section
domestic institution
foreign investor
few day
local problem
recent market
few concern
Japanese investor
economic datum
small bet
huge buying
real estate
persistent strength
high import
financial issue
Japanese interest
real estate
100-share index
30-share index
recent level
previous day
economic outlook
nervous market
current market
sharp loss
futures-related selling
recent week
European banking
British computer
pretax profit
late year
late talk
active share
volatile market
active trading
European market
moderate rise
consecutive day
technical problem
African gold
major market
major stock
separate project
total contract
York-based maker
electronic product
first quarter
environmental regulator
few day
individual investor
similar buying
senior option
stated price
sudden drop
most investment
new stock
same price
minimum selling
same stock
such transaction
quarterly dividend
total investment
over-the-counter stock
simple strategy
individual holding
broad basket
popular index
individual issue
other hand
individual issue
high market
major hit
troubled time
stated price
deficit-reduction legislation
other issue
capital-gains tax
Many member
important feature
House-Senate conference
other legislation
democratic process
capital-gains provision
final version
costly provision
stock-index future
stock-index future
new capital
third quarter
new capital
common share
limited partnership
preliminary result
regulatory approval
special meeting
vice president
executive officer
other interest
surprising surge
new turmoil
financial market
large deficit
second month
bad trade
international economist
most analyst
economic problem
bad trade
deep issue
chief economist
steep market
current report
good month
private analyst
further evidence
annual rate
last year
past dollar
marginal cut
federal budget
consecutive month
other hand
last month
Many economist
deep cut
further trade
foreign good
foreign capital
foreign currency
several month
overseas market
same time
vice president
strong dollar
most economist
substantial progress
federal budget
good result
vice president
economic affair
federal budget
industrial supply
foreign good
seasonal fluctuation
industrialized country
new machine
next machine
hard drive
optical device
full price
next computer
black design
high price
last year
small number
next computer
optical device
hard drive
next machine
commercial customer
same system
optical device
standard equipment
cheap system
large amount
hard drive
optical device
exclusive dealer
hard drive
hard drive
next computer
crucial role
next decade
few year
next generation
optical drive
hard drive
outside supplier
large number
next machine
most software
next computer
more software
next version
major maker
executive officer
net loss
third quarter
year-ago quarter
net income
year-ago period
last year
executive officer
domestic revenue
recent reduction
selected customer
further delay
continued loss
fourth quarter
gross margin
prior quarter
new product
new product
first quarter
second delay
new product
fourth-quarter loss
third quarter
over-the-counter trading
annual interest
general level
actual transaction
prime rate
corporate loan
commercial bank
federal fund
commercial bank
overnight use
depository institution
commercial paper
commercial paper
unsecured note
major corporation
top rate
new issue
negotiable C.D.
minimum unit
typical rate
secondary market
bank-backed business
late EURODOLLARS
major bank
prime rate
30-year mortgage
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
conventional fixed-rate
adjustable rate
average rate
future return
net income
year-earlier quarter
discontinued operation
late quarter
year-earlier quarter
pretax profit
late quarter
pretax profit
other thing
late period
discontinued operation
year-ago period
discontinued operation
composite trading
hefty boost
net income
third quarter
primary share
Per-share figure
primary share
per-share figure
preferred dividend
year-earlier quarter
composite trading
limited partnership
public sector
fiscal year
year-earlier period
fiscal year
public sector
state-owned industry
metric ton
French output
hostile tender
troubled company
top management
chief executive
vice president
top spot
vice president
general manager
former group
vice president
executive committee
independent director
vice president
general counsel
leveraged buy-out
additional share
next year
secured term
certain asset
certain term
third quarter
criminal charge
former executive
former executive
special meeting
composite trading
over-the-counter trading
sluggish sale
good interest
last week
former president
maximum sentence
certain transaction
current income
financial condition
federal regulator
federal prosecutor
former chairman
executive officer
more scandal
recent year
congressional hearing
congressional hearing
foreign financier
consecutive series
American country
political figure
congressional hearing
right brand
vice president
American flag
vice president
last detail
small price
vice chairman
Democratic circle
presidential campaign
legal area
executive officer
strategic planning
major thing
secondary market
new business
high floor
new wife
powerful commodity
limited partner
old firm
crude trader
early generation
new way
corporate takeover
hostile takeover
short-term result
long-term shareholder
good company
own pattern
new wife
main thing
huge fine
potential century
common share
composite trading
federal agency
Canadian spending
new plant
Canadian auto
Canadian official
more trade
next month
free trade
next year
Canadian official
Canadian company
foreign sale
such businessman
Canadian government
potential agent
similar trip
Canadian government
new trade
total number
Canadian office
Canadian dollar
Canadian good
large contract
other defense
definitive agreement
existing stock
common stock
over-the-counter market
weak earning
third-quarter profit
current level
pretax gain
nonperforming asset
late quarter
second quarter
nonperforming loan
real estate
vice chairman
continued weakness
real estate
nonperforming asset
second quarter
substantial improvement
next couple
second quarter
total asset
other restructuring
wholesale price
last year
late month
Japanese machinery
domestic side
late report
big challenge
whole time
stable company
high technology
false charge
bad news
hard work
new president
video message
financial trouble
personal computer
last year
high employment
heavy borrowing
huge loss
third quarter
such question
vice president
financial result
annual report
financial officer
major company
financial difficulty
numerous computer
large debt
sharp sale
first quarter
fiscal year
fourth quarter
troubled company
fine line
long run
senior sale
present condition
bad news
financial condition
hard time
vice president
past year
new product
new strategy
new president
overall product
long way
bad quarter
first priority
great asset
financial trouble
other department
internal ally
recent loss
high commission
new customer
financial problem
electronic document
former sale
pharmaceutical maker
more reason
tough thing
bad news
good news
new president
other industry
recent trouble
sharp decline
former customer
net income
high price
composite trading
strong earning
third quarter
slight decline
net income
electrical product
similar amount
start-up expense
electrical product
domestic price
weak currency
composite trading
long-distance telephone
residential customer
previous quarter
financial officer
further improvement
over-the-counter trading
good revenue
residential traffic
long-distance telephone
residential market
residential market
solid cash
positive quarter
current quarter
extraordinary item
last year
fourth quarter
one-time adjustment
new customer
composite trading
year-ago period
composite trading
seasonal fluctuation
tentative agreement
structural part
other part
existing contract
vice chairman
real estate
vice president
previous real-estate
vice president
real estate
third-quarter loss
loan-loss reserve
total loan
real estate
loan-loss addition
similar increase
other lender
real estate
special charge
administrative expense
other matter
financial officer
last week
initial transaction
right one
last year
300-a-share buy-out
vice president
other interest
vice chairman
future direction
interim basis
same statement
common share
private transaction
over-the-counter trading
third-quarter earning
strong sale
hefty profit
net income
strong sale
total company
high sale
intense competition
composite trading
per-share earning
world-wide sale
good year
per-share earning
world-wide sale
world-wide sale
third quarter
strong growth
world-wide sale
composite trading
nine-month result
world-wide gain
medical instrument
poor exchange
low tax
net proceed
Third-quarter sale
high sale
slight decline
agricultural product
composite trading
third-quarter earning
per-share earning
discontinued operation
per-share estimate
net income
third-quarter sale
strong sale
promotional activity
estimated improvement
such brand
weak performer
real problem
domestic business
high priority
special project
favorite writer
last night
few day
second attack
many week
low end
global warming
human activity
long term
global warming
global warming
global warming
global warming
big picture
sole model
private corporation
unusual step
private sector
daily finance
chief information
large computer
financial officer
annual budget
internal control
federal agency
last fall
long way
more tax
significant improvement
significant increase
new position
chief information
private sector
civil side
financial control
Panamanian leader
brief time
failed coup
foreign policy
foreign policy
long history
many dictator
long history
own weight
economic situation
Colombian drug
other option
chief advantage
American way
good weapon
short attention
second year
Panamanian officer
fellow student
central market
special privilege
fellow student
American intelligence
first intelligence
Panamanian government
political opponent
communist influence
national income
Panamanian leader
former intelligence
modest pay
American standard
healthy boost
military salary
fellow officer
Panamanian government
local union
whole thing
local lawyer
American officer
psychological operation
military intelligence
American officer
critical support
other intelligence
assistant secretary
much stock
early stage
additional concern
Panamanian official
great threat
own phone
American intelligence
first time
sensitive information
new cause
Sandinista rebel
Nicaraguan government
close friend
federal authority
military officer
military group
illegal trading
Panamanian dictator
good idea
foreign policy
quiet death
illegal business
formal business
Colombian drug
grand jury
close ally
Contra rebel
secret training
Nicaraguan capital
additional mean
such influence
political trouble
apparent attempt
Panamanian election
Contra leader
criminal trial
political setback
political opponent
first man
close ty
Sandinista leadership
military sale
Panamanian defense
such action
numerous asset
essential thing
previous year
political force
public protest
American official
American official
many year
foreign power
short-term gain
net income
actual earning
industrial production
other sign
annual rate
third quarter
annual rate
second quarter
clear sign
new report
low interest
last month
overall measure
first decline
low rate
widespread weakness
durable good
big drop
primary metal
further decline
corporate profit
full effect
sharp rise
industrial production
executive officer
additional post
chief executive
black woman
several year
strong indication
same age
same way
black man
sharp increase
white man
young people
continued reduction
favorable trend
large segment
young man
social behavior
vice president
new effort
free speech
black man
white man
equal percentage
white woman
past decade
top management
federal level
executive officer
big producer
recent volatility
financial market
over-the-counter market
more swing
computer-guided trading
institutional investor
liquid stock
different time
tough market
professional trader
quick profit
other trader
professional trader
volatile condition
big technology
wide loss
third quarter
new store
third-quarter earning
favorable earning
third-quarter profit
active trading
third-quarter earning
last year
net income
first quarter
vice president
chief executive
additional responsibility
vice president
financial officer
limited government
average life
local level
industrial society
industrial use
political power
cheap energy
natural resource
nuclear power
new method
genetic engineering
emotional attack
political power
local level
essential point
various scientist
global environment
scientific committee
various point
specific topic
special sense
technical issue
normal issue
economic system
current way
major change
scientific community
sufficient evidence
major policy
net income
flat revenue
high marketing
Third-quarter revenue
year-ago result
recent year
third quarter
third-quarter volume
year-ago quarter
low volume
third quarter
several year
soft drink
general expense
common share
third quarter
third-quarter net
year-ago quarter
after-tax charge
composite trading
financial-services subsidiary
leveraged buy-out
executive officer
chief executive
recent week
other bidder
retail acquisition
other property
senior executive
executive officer
chief executive
previous president
chief executive
late night
vice president
one-hour program
general manager
total revenue
only station
independent station
same time
high rating
prime time
own production
outside production
net income
year-earlier quarter
new production
start-up expense
strong dollar
overseas profit
raw material
second quarter
high production
heavy demand
previous year
composite trading
executive officer
chief executive
special project
chief executive
vice president
industrial group
clinical trial
high-risk cancer
alternative fuel
joint research
natural gas
alternative fuel
next summer
urban area
major oil
old car
extensive testing
second phase
new engine
second phase
whole idea
joint customer
vice president
environmental lawyer
last week
top bank
regulatory role
big thrift
former regulator
own institution
real estate
other subsidiary
civil lawsuit
insured deposit
other subsidiary
further investigation
further action
appropriate time
former thrift
new law
substantial contribution
little hope
subordinated debt
own expert
financial plan
private meeting
late plan
new plan
late news
next year
more service
negative response
American route
major asset
less cash
big carrier
initial plan
new plan
same mark
new debt
less cash
other cost
operational goal
next month
daily loss
exclusive right
certain period
own plan
few day
late spring
old volume
minimum tax
regular way
most expert
big revenue
corporate tax
final bill
low priority
other legislation
immediate claim
large tax
personal loss
other factor
total loss
gross income
damaged property
large income
six-month filing
late filing
late penalty
temporary worker
private deal
criminal action
civil penalty
individual retirement
such income
taxable income
two-year income
back country
recent memory
public land
back country
other state
similar ban
major portion
same category
public land
other user
many member
whole picture
same concern
many way
last year
high country
busy week
preferred ship
preferred stock
common share
mixed performance
early yesterday
early decline
vice president
major currency
apparent attempt
short-term interest
several investment
short-term interest
federal fund
overnight loan
few week
huge wave
next month
other trader
bad note
major market
late yesterday
joint venture
special issue
special issue
joint venture
single price
one-hour program
first program
joint venture
other program
special issue
personal finance
good college
hard way
next day
one-time gain
net income
third quarter
forest-products company
third quarter
pretax loss
common stock
forest-products operation
third quarter
high cost
forest-products firm
full-year performance
certain product
fourth quarter
less-developed country
third-quarter addition
third quarter
full year
new reserve
long-term loan
big swing
similar step
third-quarter earning
less-developed country
net income
global consumer
corporate finance
third quarter
quarterly loss
additional provision
long-term loan
less-developed country
current level
such loan
overseas branch
high profit
major bank
net interest
third-quarter growth
similar growth
large decline
other part
net interest
solid loan
tight expense
average asset
major bank
less-developed country
sharp rise
previous quarter
year-ago level
total loan
heavy exposure
leveraged buy-out
financial picture
loan-loss reserve
previous quarter
foreign loan
certain tax
third-quarter earning
year-earlier number
additional provision
less-developed country
long-term loan
net interest
certain area
wholesale banking
high income
net interest
third quarter
total loan
next month
general election
other analyst
Indian leader
dominant partner
other party
ideological party
wide fluctuation
low house
different state
low house
five-year term
upper house
prime minister
various form
modern nation
Indian politics
own party
major campaign
local government
wide feeling
big protest
administrative failure
major initiative
thin majority
economic analyst
Indian economy
low house
large victory
Indian democracy
general election
national issue
political analyst
single candidate
small majority
single candidate
final list
parliamentary candidate
Indian voter
prime minister
Indian government
recent disclosure
front page
last week
constitutional amendment
first time
such government
tremendous hope
light problem
great thing
poor reputation
total contract
private company
Indian individual
Indian agent
third party
common share
good interest
major shareholder
general partner
combined stake
common share
additional share
open market
private transaction
other factor
modest decline
early trading
partial recovery
huge amount
new agency
vice president
straight day
little attention
open market
more cash
money-market economist
aggressive move
federal fund
previous target
overnight loan
early signal
30-year bond
first time
mortgage-backed security
most junk
institutional investor
high-quality junk
subordinated debenture
public debt
strong investor
least part
vice president
new supply
two-year note
first bond
next week
economic report
little impact
30-year bond
10-year note
short-term rate
three-month bill
six-month bill
other issue
corporate bond
most junk
new-issue market
30-year bond
10-year note
five-year note
electric power
mortgage-backed market
more issue
real estate
volatile trading
average life
10-year note
near-term trend
tax-exempt dollar
municipal bond
large list
such issue
early call
new issue
preliminary pricing
general obligation
general obligation
foreign bond
German government
late yesterday
British government
renewed volatility
Japanese bond
federal mortgage
second provision
strong opposition
powerful ally
unusual alliance
private investor
congressional approval
true purpose
bipartisan leadership
solid majority
total package
direct aid
political party
final approval
such cash
Nicaraguan law
major portion
domestic spending
strong opposition
fiscal pressure
costly project
first construction
new fund
advanced communication
domestic agency
expanded effort
public housing
poor family
unusual degree
massive bill
environmental project
specific community
striking example
major bill
sweeping ban
domestic airline
third conference
final shape
foreign aid
critical area
domestic program
serious threat
separate bill
same issue
foreign aid
foreign operation
other item
new level
nervous fluctuation
final price
great trading
other month
precious metal
narrow range
same situation
gold price
possible price
great safety
precious metal
precious metal
precious metal
financial system
much impact
little incentive
little incentive
gold trader
remarkable feature
gold producer
long run
short term
past week
less impact
gold market
other commodity
crude oil
lackluster activity
major consideration
crude oil
next year
recent year
retail sale
metric ton
metric ton
same period
last year
competitive pressure
senior note
preferred stock
commercial paper
significant challenge
major market
competitive position
primary business
local policy
urban environment
small business
small business
most disaster
small retailer
last week
national TV
local banker
same thing
deficit-reduction bill
comparable benefit
own health
federal government
small business
long-term health
other health
private word
other good
high priority
last year
more access
major part
simple part
long customer
current plan
small company
large concern
executive officer
additional position
chief executive
executive committee
day-to-day management
new cash
short-term bill
industrial revenue
subordinated debenture
new series
basic business
leveraged buy-out
last month
preferred stock
Soviet leader
permanent control
Soviet ground
Soviet aid
American official
Soviet troop
military equipment
more truck
few week
military force
complete unit
East bloc
military adviser
Indian expert
Soviet policy
serious question
Soviet force
Soviet troop
outside support
moderate leader
last year
last minute
only air
last summer
congressional criticism
military aid
military aid
Contra rebel
conservative outcry
Soviet threat
other issue
Republican president
unsuccessful coup
congressional leader
national election
military aid
congressional committee
next month
most analyst
little prospect
political opponent
Sandinista government
last week
strong speech
deep cut
next year
modest version
long-term trouble
strategic weapon
continued commitment
Nicaraguan rebel
Soviet threat
controversial program
presidential support
chief executive
recent speech
opposite view
mere project
special treatment
equal treatment
special privilege
important thing
civil right
Indian right
civil right
original purpose
own movement
next head
civil right
executive officer
chief executive
vice president
chief executive
Soviet leader
blue-chip company
Soviet president
prime minister
long time
military deal
last show
illegal export
communist country
Japanese law
international agreement
legislative panel
economic control
economic power
potential source
economic advantage
new company
top restaurant
wholesale market
retail outlet
European auction
fair competition
European community
such shopping
first meeting
strong gain
net income
strong profit
flat revenue
conventional film
third quarter
third quarter
other restructuring
net loss
third quarter
good performance
next year
conventional film
second quarter
retail outlet
last year
nine-month loss
composite trading
much value
many reason
new trading
stock-index future
computer-driven strategy
same indicator
same direction
same time
most trading
big block
many firm
sudden rally
derivative security
modern trading
vice president
high volatility
new investment
classic example
institutional money
same time
institutional brokerage
much stock
vice president
institutional trading
Many trader
500-stock index
good example
sudden price
current volatility
derivative instrument
financial market
daily volatility
recent week
low level
volatile year
low average
past week
short-term price
real datum
last year
large network
other computer
other government
strange message
other machine
more privilege
such thing
random number
many center
such thing
few year
civil action
new crime
judicial power
public interest
British law
legislative authority
conventional theory
criminal law
common law
white-collar crime
past decade
personal gain
low court
own account
other client
personal gain
guilty plea
leveraged buy-out
prominent trader
same issue
personal gain
central issue
criminal law
steady process
different way
different kind
common law
civil liability
enormous number
other case
expanded rule
social utility
expanded rule
major stock
such inquiry
immediate party
bright line
less uncertainty
legislative line
judicial decision
uncertain line
federal mail
common law
white-collar crime
strict construction
last year
fundamental problem
judicial power
long run
bad law
net income
year-earlier figure
one-time gain
Japanese business
late quarter
executive officer
joint venture
slow recovery
major customer
composite trading
computer-guided buying
few day
nervous investor
blue-chip stock
industrial average
corporate restructuring
important element
nervous day
individual stock
stock-index research
blue chip
real estate
senior block
additional share
first hour
stock-index arbitrage
stock-index arbitrage
big basket
computer-guided selling
next year
consecutive session
blue-chip consumer
broad average
500-stock index
blue chip
only industry
industrial average
over-the-counter market
composite index
more volatility
third-quarter earning
year-earlier level
British company
good will
favorable rating
British firm
big percentage
preferred stock
big percentage
environmental consulting
fourth-quarter loss
first quarter
financial situation
preferred stock
real estate
common stock
first quarter
possible acquisition
taxable income
legal status
real estate
individual investor
high yield
great demand
more inquiry
great interest
last day
vice president
more activity
one-year CD
retail banking
heavy month
extra quarter
12-month CD
short term
late week
three-month CD
three-month CD
major bank
average yield
individual investor
average yield
six-month CD
late week
actual rate
individual investor
major brokerage
large drop
late week
recent high
short-term CD
big trade
short-term interest
vice president
retail marketing
important decision
recent meeting
next increase
financial commitment
several reason
other factor
financial market
financial institution
large role
financial resource
international politics
economic case
central planning
industrial country
more fund
commercial bank
bad trade
quarterly target
adequate vote
environmental concern
popular president
major change
economic policy
financial market
commercial bank
future call
other hand
economic role
economic system
economic planning
economic plan
economic development
Republican staff
several commodity
certain order
disciplinary settlement
alleged violation
federal investigation
competitive challenge
other cable
antitrust suit
unusual position
large cable
large customer
healthy competitor
vice president
active role
large cable
other cable
other cable
additional cable
large cable
large operator
such system
big victory
executive officer
chief executive
leveraged buy-out
first year
third year
technical worker
several meeting
three-year life
additional purchase
corporate raider
corporate raider
common share
certain provision
common stock
federal government
expanded campaign
new report
sweeping response
other analysis
economic growth
current government
only way
entire population
free treatment
short position
major counterpart
modest downturn
intraday low
intraday low
intraday high
foreign exchange
bearish reaction
positive news
key rate
several week
aggressive dollar
central bank
190-point plunge
upper end
central bank
ample liquidity
other analyst
clear signal
federal fund
last week
federal fund
overnight lending
significant gain
current delivery
estimated volume
early trading
future property
integrated circuit
annual sale
prime-time rating
previous record
last year
additional production
many market
limited business
large restaurant
institutional investor
short-term debt
federal funding
such abortion
most lawmaker
prolonged debate
fiscal year
poor woman
other woman
weekly newspaper
potential buyer
failed investment
central bank
central bank
loan-loss provision
same level
large pension
brief statement
immune response
clinical trial
early experiment
substantial increase
immune response
large quantity
large quantity
European affiliate
joint venture
net sale
total transaction
average interest
weekly auction
commercial paper
last week
average rate
commercial paper
last week
commercial paper
previous estimate
wide margin
French electronics
net profit
first half
sharp improvement
net profit
net loss
first half
financial cost
steep rise
corporate income
sharp rise
consolidated revenue
monetary policy
open market
original bill
central bank
monetary policy
executive branch
entire membership
open market
third-quarter profit
low price
large product
chief executive
wide range
year-earlier quarter
composite trading
industrial group
automotive industry
long run
personal car
executive officer
natural gas
personal reason
executive committee
new subsidiary
future acquisition
significant minority
British company
late move
current talk
next year
British government
odd takeover
down market
over-the-counter market
usual volume
heavy trading
last week
friendly negotiation
European auto
small investor
crucial point
large auto
joint venture
executive model
full bid
anti-takeover barrier
international company
close cooperation
chief investment
late move
net income
net loss
net income
daily trading
ordinary share
current exchange
executive officer
current term
special shareholder
current director
vice president
current director
special meeting
new owner
Swiss chemical
pharmaceutical group
strong gain
positive currency
strong sale
substantial rise
consolidated profit
Swiss company
substantial increase
consolidated profit
full year
major currency
British maker
pretax profit
late year
pretax profit
steady sale
net income
year-ago period
strong quarter
strong margin
over-the-counter trading
last week
low margin
first quarter
good economy
year-ago quarter
previous period
net income
strong result
high demand
overall growth
personal computer
own product
fast rate
sluggish growth
previous quarter
final period
fiscal year
joint development
future machine
sophisticated software
several competitor
new design
similar arrangement
next year
other user
heavy trading
futures-related program
further decline
other airline
early rally
second month
bad trade
late sign
weak capital
big bank
quarterly loss
quarterly profit
big reserve
weak earning
alternative approach
late proposal
new challenge
dual trading
own account
major provision
federal mortgage
House-Senate conference
potential buyer
core business
big drug
third-quarter earning
general partner
annual meeting
next month
Swedish concern
private transaction
Swedish concern
open market
former president
European medium
small rise
net income
year-earlier figure
second half
genetic test
other test
major impact
effective treatment
medical test
first quarter
preferred stock
financial officer
new market
strong market
next day
expanded use
joint venture
long-distance carrier
special consultant
recent year
legal restriction
regular phone
local phone
long-distance carrier
other cost
recent month
more volume
local TV
several year
new use
joint campaign
prime-time show
modest cost
immediate method
other network
different goal
weak period
additional advice
potential customer
vice president
new advertiser
new show
automatic number
additional purpose
executive producer
big change
big thing
last year
financial-services company
potential buyer
last week
potential buyer
other alternative
senior executive
early estimate
new estimate
other event
last week
prospective buyer
top sale
independent broker
financial planner
limited partnership
mutual fund
other investment
other firm
critical asset
composite trading
third game
federal financing
democratic freedom
enough vote
constitutional amendment
several year
industrialized nation
foreign coup
longstanding ban
parliamentary election
next month
prime minister
first time
African government
political activist
international group
formal ban
African government
federal judge
local radio
subordinated debt
new issue
subordinated note
common stock
initial rate
common share
new note
original proposal
common share
other thing
original offer
composite trading
300-a-share takeover
entire stock
takeover-stock trader
last night
extra element
labor-management bid
first bid
similar demand
vice president
financial officer
new company
longtime rival
white-collar pilot
new bid
takeover-stock trader
Japanese news
Japanese bank
first bid
several report
few detail
new bid
new bid
formal board
next week
second proposal
other officer
severe pay
original bid
last week
legal standard
huge drop
300-a-share proposal
labor-management bid
takeover-stock trader
Japanese banker
late proposal
public offering
executive officer
common stock
additional share
international offering
quarterly dividend
first dividend
first quarter
net proceed
total borrowing
short-term part
net income
net income
musical style
particular performance
bad performance
inner voice
same thing
right hand
several time
other part
same name
obvious point
joint venture
next week
second stake
joint venture
long term
Japanese concern
additional detail
third quarter
previous period
pretax charge
pretax gain
real estate
late quarter
central point
environmental group
legal standard
environmental protection
legal standard
national goal
more reader
upscale advertiser
first half
renewed interest
such topic
regional edition
frequent advertiser
ambitious plan
aggressive ad
national advertising
aggressive stance
many way
first half
average age
good year
entire magazine
soft market
high ad
comparable publication
high page
more reader
other magazine
regional edition
regional edition
last year
separate edition
different region
top management
other group
most magazine
extra production
regional edition
promotional campaign
chief executive
new ad
few week
only book
regional edition
financial service
ambitious goal
European ad
several month
chief executive
French firm
last night
new account
vice president
creative director
vice president
dual trading
economic benefit
dual trading
dual trading
own account
widespread trading
dual trading
own account
other trader
such restriction
dual trading
slow market
dual trading
severe problem
long time
specific situation
dual trading
small exchange
additional liquidity
economic analysis
